
About us | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Europe’s largest aerospace company Pioneering aerospace Airbus is the largest aeronautics and space company in Europe, providing products, services and solutions for the commercial aircraft, helicopter, defence and space sectors. Drawing on over half a century of aerospace engineering expertise, Airbus products are defined by innovation. We are developing the next generation of aircraft to be lighter, safer and more fuel-efficient, and to fly using alternative fuel sources.From the commercial aircraft and helicopters that connect and unite people around the world to the military aircraft and satellites that protect citizens and countries, Airbus products enable modern and connected life.Our products and servicesA diverse and expansive portfolio Discover more What we doOur products and services connect, protect, explore, serve and save lives Discover more Our strategyHow we deliver on our purpose Discover more Our worldwide presenceMore than 180 sites around the world Discover more Our historyOver 50 years of excellence Discover more Our governanceBoard and board committees Discover more Pioneering sustainable aerospace Airbus is actively contributing to the industry’s goal of reaching net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. We pioneer disruptive technologies and are continuously improving the fuel-efficiency of our products. We are committed to taking environmental responsibility, and are actively reducing emissions throughout our value chain to meet our Scope 1, 2 and 3 targets as validated by the Scientific-Based Targets initiative. Learn more Innovating the future of aviation The legacy of Airbus is one of cutting-edge engineering and innovation that stretches back more than 50 years. For all the greatest European aerospace milestones – from the first flight of the Concorde in 1969 to the launch of the JUICE spacecraft in 2023 – Airbus or its predecessor companies played key roles.Today, we are innovating the future of flight, designing novel technologies that will make the next generation of aircraft the lightest, safest and most sustainable yet. Learn more Supporting the strength of our brand The Airbus brand is more than our logo, colours and advertising. Our brand is built every day by what we say and how we interact with others, deliver on our promises and stay true to our values. It is the reason that customers choose our products and solutions, and why promising talent chooses to pursue their career at Airbus. It is the result of all our work put together, and the reason why we can proudly say “We are Team Airbus”. Learn more Integrity and complianceLiving our principles Learn more Our latest news Press releases Company Airbus reports Full-Year (FY) 2024 resultsAirbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated Full-Year (FY) 2024 financial results and provided guidance for 2025. Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 20-24 January 2025 Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 13-17 January 2025 Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 3-10 January 2025 Press releases Company Airbus reports share buybacks 23 Dec 2024 to 2 Jan 2025 Read more news
Our governance | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Striving for transparency Airbus' Corporate Governance ensures that Airbus is managed according to our Regulating Laws and Articles of Association, and evolves in order to match our growth ambitions, meet our obligations and reach the goals we set ourselves.Airbus' top-level governing body is the Board of Directors. Responsible for the management of Airbus it delegates the day-to-day management to the CEO who fulfills this task with the support of the Executive Committee.Our Governance strives to be a transparent body, matching the expectations of the Company’s shareholders throughout the world. Our governance Board and Board CommitteesExecutive and Operational CommitteesShareholders' MeetingEnterprise Risk ManagementGovernance framework and documents Mendelweg 30 2333 CS Leiden The Netherlands
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048654730-90269634060683198
Executive and Operational Committees | Our Governance | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Executive and Operational Committees Corporate Governance Airbus' Corporate Governance ensures that Airbus is managed according to our Regulating Laws and Articles of Association, and evolves in order to match our growth ambitions, meet our obligations and reach the goals we set ourselves. Airbus' top-level governing body is the Board of Directors. Responsible for the management of Airbus it delegates the day-to-day management to the CEO who fulfills this task with the support of the Executive Committee. Our Governance strives to be a transparent body, matching the expectations of the Company’s shareholders throughout the world. The following sections will give you more information about our Governance structure, rules and regulations, and information on Shareholders’ Meetings. The Executive Committee The Executive Committee supports the Chief Executive Officer in his duty of managing the day-to-day operations of Airbus’ business. It is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprises the Heads of the major Functions and Divisions.Executive Committee's responsibilities and powersAt the Executive Committee meetings, the following matters, among others, are discussed:Appointment by the Heads of Airbus Divisions and functions of their management teams;Major investments;Settling up and control of the implementation of the strategy for Airbus’ businesses;Airbus policy matters and management and organisational structure of the business;Performance level of the Company’s businesses and support functions;All business issues, including the operational plan of Airbus and its Divisions and Business Units.The CEO endeavours to reach consensus among the members of the Executive Committee. In the event a consensus is not reached, the Chief Executive Officer is entitled to decide the matter.The CEO proposes all of the Members of the Executive Committee for approval by the Board of Directors, after consultation with (a) the Chairman of the Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee and (b) the Chairman of the Board of Directors. Members of the Executive Committee and Top Management(As of 1 January 2024) Guillaume FauryChief Executive Officer Thierry BarilChief Human Resources OfficerBruno EvenChief Executive Officer Airbus HelicoptersJohn HarrisonGeneral Counsel & Head of Airbus Public AffairsCatherine JestinExecutive Vice President DigitalJulie KitcherChief Sustainability Officer and CommunicationsSabine KlaukeChief Technology OfficerFlorent Massou dit LabaquèreExecutive Vice President Operations of the Commercial Aircraft businessPhilippe MhunExecutive Vice President Programmes and Services of the Commercial Aircraft businessChristian SchererChief Executive Officer of the Commercial Aircraft businessMichael SchoellhornChief Executive Officer Airbus Defence and SpaceThomas ToepferChief Financial OfficerRobin HayesChairman and Chief Executive Officer of Airbus in North AmericaMatthieu LouvotExecutive Vice President StrategyWouter van WerschExecutive Vice President InternationalGeorge XuChief Executive Officer Airbus China Members of the Commercial Aircraft Leadership Team(As of 1 January 2024) Christian SchererChief Executive OfficerStella BelvisiGeneral CounselMaggie BergsmaHead of CommunicationsMathieu CallewaertExecutive Vice President Human ResourcesNicolas ChrétienHead of StrategyThomas HundtExecutive Vice President FinanceSabine KlaukeExecutive Vice President EngineeringFlorent Massou dit LabaquèreExecutive Vice President OperationsPhilippe MhunExecutive Vice President Programmes and ServicesBenoît de Saint-ExupéryExecutive Vice President Sales Members of the Helicopters Executive Committee(As of 1 January 2024) Bruno EvenChief Executive Officer Sara CorcheteCorporate SecretaryAlain De ZottiExecutive Vice President EngineeringMichael HenrichsExecutive Vice President Finance Volker MangExecutive Vice President Human Resources Laurent MazouéExecutive Vice President OperationsOlivier MichalonExecutive Vice President Global BusinessMathilde Royer-GermainHead of Strategy and Sustainability for Airbus HelicoptersStefan ThoméExecutive Vice President Programmes and Managing Director of Airbus Helicopters GmbHRomain TrappExecutive Vice President Customer Support & ServicesFlorence VerlutHead of Aviation Safety & QualityMartin WernerHead of Digital and Company Transformation (DTO) for Airbus Helicopters Members of the Defence and Space Executive Committee(As of 1 April 2024) Michael SchoellhornChief Executive Officer Penelope Jane BassonHead of Transformation and Corporate SecretaryBen BridgeExecutive Vice President Global BusinessJean-Brice DumontHead of Air PowerKaren FlorschützHead of Connected IntelligenceMarcella HoffmannExecutive Vice President Human ResourcesFrançois LombardHead of StrategyJohannes MüllerHead of Sustainability and CommunicationsAlain FauréHead of Space SystemsAndreas RieckerGeneral Counsel, Head of Legal & ComplianceLionel RoubyHead of DigitalFrancisco Javier Sánchez SeguraPresident of Airbus in Spain & Chief Operating Officer Airbus Defence and SpaceJesús de Miguel RodriguezExecutive Vice President Finance Our Governance Corporate Governance Discover Board and Board Committees Discover Shareholders' Meetings Discover Enterprise Risk Management Discover Governance Framework Documents Discover
Shareholders' Meeting | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Annual General Meetings Airbus holds Annual General Meetings to inform shareholders and elect the Board of Directors. Shareholders and partners can ask questions about previous and future business activities and receive detailed information on the Company’s finances. The Board of Directors manages and controls Airbus.The 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will take place on Tuesday 15 April 2025 at 1:30 pm.Click below for detailed information of this Annual General Meeting. Learn more Shareholders' meetings at a glance If you would like to know where the Annual General Meetings or other extraordinary Shareholder Meetings of Airbus are held, or how you can register to attend and vote, our overview provides answers to the most frequently asked questions about our Shareholders’ Meetings.How often are Shareholders’ Meetings held?Shareholders’ Meetings are held as often as the Board of Directors deems necessary or upon the request of shareholders who are holding, individually or together, at least 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company. The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company is held within six months of the end of the financial year.The Board of Directors must give notice of Annual General Meetings at least 42 days before the day of the meeting through publication of a notice on the Company’s website, which will be directly and permanently accessible until the meeting. The convening notice must state the items as set out under section 2:114, paragraph 1 of the Dutch Civil Code.Where do Shareholders’ Meetings take place?Shareholders’ Meetings are held in Amsterdam, The Hague, Rotterdam or Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport) in the Netherlands. The Board of Directors may decide that Shareholders’ Meetings may be attended by means of electronic or video communication devices from the locations mentioned in the convening notice.When does the Board of Directors announce the Annual General Meeting?The Board of Directors must announce the date of the Annual General Meeting at least 10 weeks in advance.How can shareholders put items on the agenda?Requests made by one or more shareholders collectively representing at least 3% of the issued share capital to put items on the agenda for the Annual General Meeting must be effected by the Board of Directors, if such requests to the Board of Directors have been made at least eight weeks prior to the date scheduled for the meeting and unless reasonableness and fairness require otherwise.A request as referred to in the preceding paragraph may only be made in writing. The Board of Directors can decide that “in writing” is understood to include a request that is recorded electronically.Who can attend Shareholders’ Meetings?Each holder of one or more shares may attend Shareholders’ Meetings, either in person or by written proxy, speak and vote according to the Articles of Association. A shareholder, or another person who has the right to attend a meeting, can see to it that he or she is represented by more than one proxy holder, provided that only one proxy holder can be appointed for each share.How to register for Shareholders’ Meetings?The persons who have the right to attend and vote at Shareholders’ Meetings are those who are on record in a register designated for that purpose by the Board of Directors on the 28th day prior to the day of the Shareholders’ Meeting (the “Registration Date”), irrespective of who may be entitled to the shares at the time of that meeting.Any person entitled to exercise the rights set out in the above paragraph (either in person or by means of a written proxy) and is attending the meeting from another location in such a manner that the person acting as Chairman of the meeting is convinced that such a person is properly participating in the meeting, shall be deemed to be present or represented at the meeting and shall be entitled to vote and be counted towards a quorum accordingly.As a prerequisite to attending the Shareholders’ Meeting and to casting votes, the Company, or alternatively an entity or person so designated by the Company, should be notified in writing by each holder of one or more shares (and those who derive the aforementioned rights from these shares), not earlier than the Registration Date of the intention to attend the meeting. Ultimately, this notice must be received by the Company, or alternatively an entity or person so designated by the Company, on the day mentioned in the convening notice.What about shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A.?Shareholders holding their Airbus shares through Euroclear France S.A. who wish to attend Shareholders’ Meetings will have to request from their financial intermediary or account holder an admission card and be given a proxy to this effect from Euroclear France S.A. in accordance with the instructions specified by the Company in the convening notice. For this purpose, a shareholder will also be able to request that it be registered directly (and not through Euroclear France S.A.) in the register of the Company. However, only shares registered in the name of Euroclear France S.A. may be traded on stock exchanges.In order to exercise their voting rights, the shareholders will also be able, by contacting their financial intermediary or account holder, to give their voting instructions to Euroclear France S.A. or any other person designated for this purpose, as specified by the Company in the convening notice.Are there any electronic means of attendance?In accordance with its Articles of Association, Airbus may provide for electronic means of attendance, speaking and voting at the Shareholders’ Meetings. The use of such electronic means will depend on the availability of the necessary technical means and market practice.Which majority or quorum is necessary to adopt a resolution?All resolutions are adopted by means of a simple majority of the votes cast, except when a qualified majority is prescribed by the Articles of Association or by Dutch law. No quorum is required for any Shareholders’ Meeting to be held.Dutch law requires a special majority for the passing of certain resolutions: inter alia, capital reduction, exclusion of pre-emption rights in connection with share issues, statutory mergers or statutory de-mergers. The passing of such resolutions requires a majority of two-thirds of the votes cast if 50% of the share capital with voting rights is not present at the meeting (or otherwise a simple majority).In addition, resolutions to amend the Articles of Association or to dissolve the Company may only be adopted with a majority of at least two-thirds of the valid votes cast at a Shareholders’ Meeting, whatever the quorum present at such meeting.What happens if shares are subject to a pledge?Pledgees of shares and beneficiaries of a usufruct, who do not have voting rights, do not have the right to attend and to speak at Shareholders’ Meetings. The owners of shares which are subject to a pledge or a usufruct, who do not have voting rights, are entitled to attend and to speak at Shareholders’ Meetings.How many votes do shareholders have?In all Shareholders’ Meetings, each shareholder has one vote for each share held. The major shareholders of Airbus – as set forth in section 3.3.2 “Relationships with Principal Shareholders” of the Registration Document – do not enjoy different voting rights from those of the other shareholders.A shareholder whose shares are subject to a pledge or usufruct shall have the voting rights attached to such shares, unless otherwise provided by law or by the Articles of Association, or if, in the case of a usufruct, the shareholder has granted voting rights to the usufructuary. According to the Articles of Association and subject to the prior consent of the Board of Directors, a pledge of shares in the Company may be granted the right to vote in respect of such pledged shares.Article 25 (paragraph 2 and 3) of the Articles of Association provides that:“The right to vote can be granted to an usufructuary. The right to vote can be granted to a pledgee but only with the prior consent of the Board of Directors. No vote may be cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders on a share that is held by the Company or a subsidiary; nor for a share in respect of which one of them holds the depositary receipts.Usufructuaries and pledgees of shares that are held by the Company or its subsidiaries are, however, not excluded from their voting rights, in case the right of usufruct or pledge was vested before the share was held by the Company or its subsidiary.” The latest from Airbus In the spotlight Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 13-17 January 2025 Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reports the following share buyback transactions under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market… Press releases Company Airbus reports Nine-Month (9m) 2024 results Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 30 Sept. to 4 Oct. 2024 Press releases Company Airbus commences limited share buyback to support future employee share ownership… Press releases Company Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2024 results Our governance Our governance Airbus' top-level governing body is the Board of Directors, which delegates day-to-day management to the company’s Chief… Board and Board Committees The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Company and for the overall conduct of the Company, the… Executive and Operational Committees Airbus’ Executive Committee supports the Chief Executive Officer in managing the company’s operations on a day-to-day basis. Enterprise Risk Management Enterprise Risk Management is a crucial mechanism for mitigating risks faced by Airbus, as well as for identifying future… Governance framework and documents In addition to its responsibilities under applicable law, Airbus’ Board of Directors handles certain enumerated categories of…
Enterprise Risk Management | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Mitigating risks & identifying opportunities Airbus’ long-term development and production lifecycle make Enterprise Risk Management a crucial mechanism for both mitigating the risks faced by the Company and identifying future opportunities.By systematically integrating Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) as a key management process across the Company, Airbus supports value creation and competitiveness.This is carefully followed by the Board of Directors (BoD).There is one group ERM Centre of Competence with direct responsibility for Commercial Aircraft ERM and for group-wide coordination of the Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space ERM functions. Our mission In terms of mission, ERM plays a key role to:Make the business more robust and become resilient to unpredicted crisesSupport operational decision makingImprove the business resultsReduce the exposure levelBe compliant with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code What supports the Airbus ERM system? Airbus ERM system relies on:Strong anticipation cultureSpeak-up mind-setRobust risk mitigationOpportunity managementStrengthened ERM governance at Company, Divisions, Programmes and Functions levelsAirbus ERM uses ISO 31000 as a guideline. Our Governance Our governance Airbus' top-level governing body is the Board of Directors, which delegates day-to-day management to the company’s Chief… Board and Board Committees The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Company and for the overall conduct of the Company, the… Executive and Operational Committees Airbus’ Executive Committee supports the Chief Executive Officer in managing the company’s operations on a day-to-day basis. Shareholders' Meeting Airbus holds Annual General Meetings to inform shareholders and elect the Board of Directors, which manages the company. Governance framework and documents In addition to its responsibilities under applicable law, Airbus’ Board of Directors handles certain enumerated categories of…
Governance framework and documents | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Powers: Members of the Board of Directors The Board Rules specify that in addition to the Board of Directors’ responsibilities under applicable law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is responsible for certain enumerated categories of decisions. Under the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Company.Under the Board Rules, the Board of Directors delegates the execution of the strategy as approved by the Board of Directors and the day-to-day management of the Company to the CEO, who, supported by the Executive Committee and its executive management team, makes decisions with respect to the management of the Company. However, the CEO should not enter into transactions that form part of the key responsibilities of the Board of Directors unless these transactions have been approved by the Board of Directors. Matters that require Board of Directors’ approval Matters that require Board of Directors’ approval include amongst others, the following items (by Simple Majority unless otherwise noted):approving any change in the nature and scope of the business of the Company and Airbus;debating and approving the overall strategy and the strategic plan of Airbus;approving the operational business plan of Airbus (the “Business Plan”) and the yearly budget of Airbus (the “Yearly Budget”), including the plan for Investment, Research and Development (“R&D”), Employment, Finance and, as far as applicable, major programmes;nominating, suspending or revoking the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the CEO (Qualified Majority);approving of all of the Members of the Executive Committee as proposed by the CEO and their service contracts and other contractual matters in relation to the Executive Committee and deciding upon the appointment and removal of the Secretary to the Board on the basis of the recommendation of the Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee;approving the relocation of the headquarters of the principal companies of Airbus and of the operational headquarters of the Company (Qualified Majority);approving decisions in connection with the location of new industrial sites material to Airbus as a whole or the change of the location of existing activities that are material to Airbus;approving decisions to invest and initiate programmes financed by Airbus, acquisition, divestment or sale decisions, in each case for an amount in excess of €300 million;approving decisions to invest and initiate programmes financed by Airbus, acquisition, divestment or sale decisions, in each case for an amount in excess of €800 million (Qualified Majority);approving decisions to enter into and terminate strategic alliances at the level of the Company or at the level of one of its principal subsidiaries (Qualified Majority);approving matters of shareholderapproving decisions in respect of other measures and business of fundamental significance for Airbus or which involves an abnormal level of risk.The Board of Directors must have a certain number of Directors present or represented at a meeting to take action. This quorum requirement depends on the action to be taken. For the Board of Directors to make a decision on a Simple Majority matter, a majority of the Directors must be present or represented. For the Board of Directors to make a decision on a Qualified Majority matter, at least ten of the Directors must be present or represented. If the Board of Directors cannot act on a Qualified Majority Matter because this quorum is not satisfied, the quorum would decrease to eight of the Directors at a new duly called meeting.In addition, the Board Rules detail the rights and duties of the Members of the Board of Directors and set out the core principles which each Member of the Board of Directors shall comply with and shall be bound by, such as acting in the best interest of the Company and its stakeholders, devoting necessary time and attention to the carrying out of their duties and avoiding any and all conflicts of interest. Corporate rules The Company is governed by the laws of the Netherlands (in particular Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) and by its Articles of Association. Airbus is also subject to various legal provisions of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht - the “WFT”).Given the fact that its shares are admitted for trading on a regulated market in France, Germany and Spain, the Company is subject to certain laws and regulations in these three jurisdictions. As an extension to our Articles of Association, the Board and Committees have their own charter and set of rules. Documents Download list The Dutch Corporate Governance Code Airbus Principles for Shareholder Dialogue Articles of Association Internal Rules Board of Directors Download list The Dutch Corporate Governance Code Airbus Principles for Shareholder Dialogue Articles of Association Internal Rules Board of Directors Annual documents Under the Dutch and European legislation and in view of best practice regarding transparency, Airbus discloses some information regarding its business, finances, risk factors and corporate governance.The Report of the Board of Directors provides for a summary of the activities of Airbus during the previous financial year, along with the summary on the mandatory topics.The Annual Report includes the annual review, financial statements and registration document all related to the previous financial year. The document provides for a detailed disclosure on (historical) information.The Report of the Board of Directors and the Annual Report are shared with the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.The Information on Principal Investments lists the Company’s consolidated entities as disclosed in the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 5: Scope of Consolidation” as of 31 December 2019.You will also find the latest annual report and financial statements, including the s172 Statement, for Airbus Operations Limited and Airbus Defence and Space Limited, private companies incorporated, domiciled and registered in England in the UK. Documents Download list Airbus Annual Report 2023 Overview Airbus Report of the Board of Directors 2024 Airbus SE Remuneration Policy 2024 Airbus Operations Limited 2023 Financial Statements Airbus Helicopters UK Limited 2023 Annual Report and Financial Statements Information on Principal Investments 2024 Statement replacing the Declaration of Conformity with the German Corporate Governance Code Airbus Defence and Space Limited 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements Download list Airbus Annual Report 2023 Overview Airbus Report of the Board of Directors 2024 Airbus SE Remuneration Policy 2024 Airbus Operations Limited 2023 Financial Statements Airbus Helicopters UK Limited 2023 Annual Report and Financial Statements Information on Principal Investments 2024 Statement replacing the Declaration of Conformity with the German Corporate Governance Code Airbus Defence and Space Limited 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements The latest from Airbus In the spotlight Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 13-17 January 2025 Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reports the following share buyback transactions under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market… Press releases Company Airbus reports Nine-Month (9m) 2024 results Press releases Company Airbus reports share buyback transactions 30 Sept. to 4 Oct. 2024 Press releases Company Airbus commences limited share buyback to support future employee share ownership… Press releases Company Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2024 results Our governance Our governance Airbus' top-level governing body is the Board of Directors, which delegates day-to-day management to the company’s Chief… Board and Board Committees The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Company and for the overall conduct of the Company, the… Executive and Operational Committees Airbus’ Executive Committee supports the Chief Executive Officer in managing the company’s operations on a day-to-day basis. Shareholders' Meeting Airbus holds Annual General Meetings to inform shareholders and elect the Board of Directors, which manages the company. Enterprise Risk Management Enterprise Risk Management is a crucial mechanism for mitigating risks faced by Airbus, as well as for identifying future…
What we do | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Redefining aerospace for future generations Airbus always has been at the forefront of innovating new technologies, with a pioneering spirit that has redefined the aerospace industry. Our products bring people closer together, helping them unite and progress. We strive to continually push the boundaries on what is possible to safeguard our world for future generations.ConnectConnecting for a better world Discover more Serve communitiesSupporting frontline workers Discover more Save livesProviding urgent help Discover more ProtectSafeguarding national sovereignty Discover more ExplorePioneering and reaching new heights Discover more
Connect | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Connecting the world; Changing the future At Airbus, we believe connections are vital to making the world a better place.That’s why we unite people and organisations across the globe; physically, with our commercial aircraft and helicopters; and virtually with our connectivity solutions, allowing them to connect, understand each other - and ultimately change the world for the better. Uniting people for a more prosperous future We connect people For half a century, Airbus’s product line of commercial aircraft has transformed the way we live and interact with the world. By truly opening borders, connecting cultures and changing the way we think and feel about our global neighbours, commercial aircraft have a major role to play in breaking down barriers and uniting people around the world.Partnering with over 400 operators and customers, flying more than 48,000 routes worldwide, the 12,000-plus Airbus aircraft in service today connect people each day on every continent. Keeping our gaze to the future and in line with our core beliefs, the next challenge for Airbus is to lead the way in making low-carbon commercial aircraft a reality. Aviation: Connecting minds, transforming lives Air travel not only broadens our intellectual horizons, it eases tensions by bringing us together to learn from - and understand - each other, helping us find answers to our shared problems. Aviation safeguards global peace and stability. It underpins the multilateralism, diplomacy and conflict resolution that many have taken for granted in the latter part of the 20th century. Clearly, a more connected world is a more prosperous world; a prosperity that provides the foundation for innovation at scale and lasting transformation.- Guillaume Faury, Chief Executive Officer of Airbus Fostering connection to the natural world We connect people Many Airbus helicopters serve as sightseeing aircraft that connect people from around the world with some of Earth’s natural and man-made wonders, all without damaging pristine environmental conditions or native habitats. With a focus on innovative sound and emission reduction technologies, our helicopters also are leading the way in making the skies decarbonised and quieter. Strengthening international networks We connect business Around the world and around the clock, we connect global leaders in business, government and corporate affairs, helping to preserve economies, friendships and understanding among nations through the highest standards of business aviation. By opening borders and fostering networks, our products enable international stability and prosperity.With our Airbus Corporate Jet (ACJ) and Airbus Corporate Helicopters (ACH) brands we provide both fixed and rotary-wing business aircraft aviation. Providing information you can trust We connect systems Safe and secure digital systems are more important than ever in today’s world. From protecting the integrity of nations' elections to ensuring that hospitals can access patient data, or guaranteeing that power grids stay tuned on, Airbus is leading the way in developing dependable connectivity solutions. We make sure the organisations and technology that you rely upon daily can access trustworthy data in an increasingly digitalised world. Delivering safe and reliable navigation and traffic technologies We connect systems Our satellite navigation systems also help streamline traffic on land, water and in the air - helping improve mobility and ease gridlock. Galileo, which is Europe’s biggest infrastructure project, operates as the world’s most precise satellite navigation system, helping to make travelling safer and bringing loved ones closer together.We develop secure and cyber-resilient connectivity solutions that are interoperable between airplanes, helicopters, drones, future eVTOLs (electrical vertical take-off and landing aircraft), satellites, command centres and mobile units. Our satellite and ground networks provide situational awareness in the most reliable way through our secure end-to-end communication solutions. The latest in Airbus In the spotlight Press releases Company Airbus reports Full-Year (FY) 2024 results Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated Full-Year (FY) 2024 financial results and provided guidance for 2025. Stories Helicopters How the fire department of the State of Rio de Janeiro keeps saving lives Press releases Company Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2024 results Press releases Helicopters Florida increases its H125 mosquito control fleet to 10 with new order from Florida… Press releases Company Airbus enters agreement with Spirit AeroSystems
Serve communities | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Solutions for safer, stronger communities At Airbus, we are proud of how our products and services contribute to communities around the world.Our satellites and tracking systems help make oceans safer with solutions that monitor and protect naval routes and maritime assets. Airbus-built aircraft are instrumental in firefighting, public safety and maintaining energy systems. Our products are the workhorses that carry out construction and infrastructure projects in local communities. And technology solutions from Airbus protect many critical systems from cyberattacks, helping maintain their integrity when it’s needed most. The workhorses for construction and infrastructure As true workhorses in tough environments, Airbus products perform heavy lifting when needed most.From assessing project locations with satellite imaging to delivering materials at difficult-to-access construction sites or providing on-scene live coverage of an unfolding event, Airbus products respond to a wide array of critical needs for all types of projects. Mitigating risk with 3D satellite imaging The workhorses The development of many– especially those in remote areas with limited geological and topographic data – require highly accurate data to assess a project’s feasibility. Airbus’ satellite technologies provide precise digital elevation models to make decisions that help ensure the endeavour’s success.Once a project is initiated, satellite imagery can help monitor the construction’s progress as well as providing information on its possible impacts on soil and or water quality – ensuring that projects are carried out in strict compliance with environmental standards and safety regulations. Protecting and maintaining power lines The workhorses The use of helicopters for construction, surveillance and maintenance of electrical transmission grids provides vital services that keep the power on for communities around the world.Helicopters have multiple advantages in this type of aerial work, including the ability to visually inspect approximately 300 km of power lines per day from the air, rapidly detect any potential problems, and reach difficult or inaccessible areas. Delivering materials and supplies to remote areas The workhorses The helicopter is often the only tool able to transport heavy loads, building materials, supplies, cargo…and more in hostile or inaccessible areas.Every Airbus helicopter version is designed to carry heavy-duty aerial cranes. Safely delivering harbour pilots The workhorses Large harbours that serve as hubs for global trade often are difficult and potentially dangerous for large shipping vessels to navigate. Many require specially-trained harbour pilots who know the waters and terrain to safely bring the ship to dock.Compared to boats, helicopters can transfer these pilots to vessels arriving at ports faster and safely, with the pilot being set down directly on the deck – eliminating the need for freeboard climbing, thereby making the journey even safer. Newsgathering when time is critical The workhorses When news happens and information is needed, helicopters are on the scene in minutes to provide live coverage of everything from natural disasters to police pursuits. Knowledge is key, and helicopters can arrive at difficult-to-access locations to document unfolding events and provide the public with the information they need to know. Public safety Safety throughout the community is the goal of public service agencies around the world.The men and women charged with upholding public safety rely on Airbus products for their critical missions, as deployed by local police to the coast guard, search teams, SWAT (special weapons and tactics) teams and customs officials.Last year, we successfully located 62 missing people, all still alive, but people who might well have died without the help of our police helicopter unit.- Martin Landgraf, deputy chief of Germany’s Baden-Württemberg’s police helicopter unit Helping keep our communities safe with helicopters Public safety Helicopters play a key role in ensuring safety within a community. When disaster strikes, helicopters often are first on the scene, assessing damage or casualties, providing evacuation services, critical infrastructure checks and quick reaction force deployment when an emergency situation arises. If a person goes missing, helicopters are called upon to search large areas quicker and more effectively than ground patrols. Helping the helpers with secure communications Public safety Public safety organisations, such as police forces, firefighters and healthcare facilities must work together on their overlapping responsibilities – requiring them to share information and work in close coordination to ensure community health and safety. This requires reliable and efficient communication and collaboration solutions, allowing secure operations and interoperability between multiple organizations.For over 30 years, Airbus has been a trusted partner for public safety organisations. Our field-proven and tailored solutions equip customers to handle any situation. Energy Helicopters are essential to keep our energy systems running. From renewable energy such as offshore wind farms to traditional energy sources like oil and gas, these rotorcraft are key components that maintain the energy industry’s operations at the optimum output.Weather conditions in the North Sea can be tricky. Even if the wave height is really high where boats can no longer deliver mechanics to the wind parks, the helicopter is still able to do this job.- Dennis Roggeveen, a pilot for Helicopter Travel Munich (HTM). Unbeatable workhorse for wind energy Energy The investment in renewable energy sources has spurred major growth in recent years, especially in the production of offshore wind energy. Through countries’ capitalisation of this industry, the number of offshore wind farms are multiplying every year.The challenges involved in operating increasingly distant wind turbines is where the helicopter becomes an essential tool. Helicopters can reduce a two-to-three-hour boat ride to just under 30 minutes by air, and provide essential service when seas are rough. In bad weather conditions, helicopters can still transport mechanics and equipment or intervene in an emergency. Sustaining oil and gas operations Energy Traditional energy sources like oil and gas depend on helicopters to transfer crew, equipment, and medical services, along with conducting inspections and providing repair services. Offshore platforms that are difficult to access count on the speed and reliability of helicopters.Land-based rigs in highly remote locations also require helicopter services for logistics support as well as pipeline patrols to ensure safety and environmental protection. Firefighting Wildfires are increasingly becoming larger, faster-spreading, and more difficult to control. Climate change is one reason for this. The hotter global temperatures have created drier conditions, sapping vegetation’s moisture. The depopulation of rural environments and the shift away from mountain living, as well as human actions, are some of the factors that make the new generation of fires more difficult to control.Firefighting, traditionally considered to be just one of the many aerial roles of helicopters and aircraft, is now becoming one of their most critical tasks, especially in summer.When a fire breaks out, helicopters offer the best way to reach the scene very quickly. Therefore, this is the solution that we look to first.- Denis Bargès, Head of the Bouches-du-Rhône fire service’s Forest Fire Group Doctrine and Flight Service in France Essential aircraft combating wildfires Firefighting Every minute counts when a fire breaks out. Helicopters offer the speed and ability to reach the scene quickly, dousing fires with water-bombing systems that can deliver some 800 to 4,000 litres of water every two to three minutes when a water source is nearby for refills. Early intervention with the use of helicopter-delivered water drops can slow down a fire’s progress and help in its containment.When fixed-wing aircraft are called upon, especially for larger fires, helicopters can continue their work – supporting the teams on the ground by carrying equipment, personnel, or urgently needed water. Cybersecurity Major cyberattacks have the power to paralyse organisations and have become a daily menace. They can threaten national security, upend our healthcare systems, or wreak havoc on the digital tools we rely on in our everyday lives: such as clean water systems, local power grids and more. The severity of attacks underlines their potential impact on Europe’s economy and society, annually estimated at 340 billion Euros.To counteract this threat, Airbus has developed agile solutions to protect companies, governments and critical infrastructures.Over 170,000 security applications from Airbus are used worldwide, which are overseen by the company’s Airbus CyberSecurity business and its staff of 600 employees.The job of the Security Operations Centre manager is to guarantee the security of the theatre's information systems. We detect and neutralise any cyber threat to enable the BARKHANE Force to use the full extent of its digital resources, factors of operational superiority. In short, to guarantee the Force's freedom of action.- Lieutenant Philippe, Head of a French military Security Operations Centre (SOC) that relies on Airbus defensive cyber warfare technology Trade The aviation industry has an almost incalculable contribution to global trade and economic development, supporting more than 65.5 million jobs around the world.Airbus alone provides employment to over 130,000 employees, and more than 12,000 international partners and suppliers.Airbus-built freighter aircraft open up borders worldwide – providing vital connectivity links, facilitating trade and economic growth to serve a myriad of communities. Hand in hand with our customers, these freighters support companies to boost productivity, enabling the transport of a full range of cargo – from high-value consumer goods to express packages and perishables, as well as medical supplies. The latest in Airbus In the spotlight Press releases Company Airbus reports Full-Year (FY) 2024 results Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated Full-Year (FY) 2024 financial results and provided guidance for 2025. Stories Helicopters How the fire department of the State of Rio de Janeiro keeps saving lives Press releases Company Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2024 results Press releases Helicopters Florida increases its H125 mosquito control fleet to 10 with new order from Florida… Press releases Company Airbus enters agreement with Spirit AeroSystems
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048660121-3585181003876256
Protect | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Empowering nations, strengthening diplomacy Our defence products and services help countries protect their citizens, values and vital infrastructure. In an unstable world, this security is a prerequisite of peace, the rule of law, political stability, democracy, environmental sustainability, human rights, economic development and prosperity, and scientific progress.Airbus manufactures helicopters, fighter jets and military transport planes that allow nations to safeguard their airspace and respond to natural disasters. We supply intelligence capabilities as well as terrestrial space and cyber security services. And we provide secure satellite communications to governments and organisations devoted to public safety. All help to make the world a safer place.Our defence activities contribute to diplomacy, conflict resolution and a multilateral approach to international relations. By supplying EU and NATO member states with advanced military equipment, we strengthen their diplomatic influence and credibility on the global stage – and in turn that of international institutions such as the UN and NATO. Protecting from space While much of our space technology is aimed at exploring the universe, it also aims to improve and safeguard life here on Earth. Protective forces grapple daily with the growing threat of terrorism as well as the challenge of defending one’s borders and ensuring the safety of civilians in an ever more complex world. Airbus is dedicated to preserving safety and protecting against security threats with our space technologies that range from satellite-based Earth observation to secured satellite telecommunications.Airbus is one of the world leaders in designing, developing and operating major space systems. Support from the air Airbus is one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced military aircraft.Our goal is to not only meet today’s military aircraft requirements – covering the entire military operational spectrum – but also to pave the way for products that respond to tomorrow’s needs. Defence aircraft Support from the air Airbus’ airlifters are designed to support military, humanitarian and peacekeeping missions. They can be easily transformed from a combat role to transporting and delivering personnel and goods directly to theatres of operation, or performing air-to-air refuelling missions. Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) also help safeguard our security and play an important role in various defence missions. And with the ‘Future Combat Air System’ Airbus and our partners are pioneering an ambitious new generation of defence technology which will permit Europe to address the threats of the future and defend its borders. Figure: 1,800+ Military Aircraft Sold / 5,200+ missions achieved with UAS Flexible rotorcraft Support from the air The helicopter’s manoeuvrability, range and discretion make it an essential part of any modern military’s critical assets. Able to support ground troops, perform scouting duties, provide utility missions such as peacekeeping and personnel transport, or carry out special operations, the helicopter serves a wide array of operational needs. Around 2,500 Airbus helicopters are in service today with approximately 100 armed forces who place their trust in Airbus. These operators have flown a collective 30 million helicopter flight hours with Airbus products. Safeguarding oceans and coastlines Keeping coastlines and the high seas safe is a challenge that needs a teamwork-oriented approach, requiring the action of a handful of parties to monitor, deter, study and protect our waterways. Oil spills, drug trafficking, typhoons and more can pose a threat to the environment, national sovereignty or one’s individual safety.For more than 50 years, Airbus has been dedicated to developing products that help governments, navies and international organisations respond to these growing threats. From ocean patrol aircraft to satellites and communications systems, the near-exhaustive array of Airbus products speaks to the importance the company places on protecting the oceans.In the maritime sector, we provide the tools needed to protect the most important asset: the oceans. By connecting and analysing data, we deliver direct information for informed decisions.- Retired French navy Rear-Admiral Alexis Latty, an Airbus key account manager. The latest in Airbus In the spotlight Press releases Company Airbus reports Full-Year (FY) 2024 results Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated Full-Year (FY) 2024 financial results and provided guidance for 2025. Stories Helicopters How the fire department of the State of Rio de Janeiro keeps saving lives Press releases Company Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2024 results Press releases Helicopters Florida increases its H125 mosquito control fleet to 10 with new order from Florida… Press releases Company Airbus enters agreement with Spirit AeroSystems
Explore | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Exploring new frontiers is in our DNA At Airbus, our pioneering spirit pushes us to explore, innovate and reach new heights in the aerospace sector. We boldly challenge the status quo, take risks on new opportunities, and learn from our failures. Exploring the new frontier of low-carbon flight At Airbus, we are committed to leading the decarbonisation of the aerospace sector by developing new technologies for low-carbon aviation. We believe technology innovation is vital to tackling the climate crisis and ensuring future generations can enjoy flying as much as we do.To this end, we aim to deliver the world’s first hydrogen-powered aircraft by 2035, which will pave the way for a decarbonised aviation. At the same time, our advances in urban mobility will provide options for a faster, low-carbon and more reliable mobility solution in urban areas. Developing a hydrogen-powered aircraft We are leading the decarbonisation of our industry by working to deliver a hydrogen-powered aircraft. We believe technology innovation is vital to tackling the climate crisis and ensuring that future generations can also enjoy flying. Discover more Leveraging the skies for Urban Air Mobility By 2030, 60% of the world's population will be urban. This significant population growth is expected to create a real need for innovative mobility options as ground infrastructure becomes increasingly congested. Providing people with a safe, low-carbon and convenient solution that leverages the airspace above cities could be a solution. Discover more Space exploration We believe the exploration of our universe will enrich life for generations to come.Our unequalled and trusted space technologies and satellite imagery solutions continually expand human knowledge of our universe, from the ability to capture critical events on Earth to providing the solutions that enable deep-space exploration.For decades, Airbus has been at the very heart of space exploration. We are at the forefront of creating the technologies that allow mankind to send spacecraft to planets, moons and comets both near our sun and millions of kilometres away.We strive to push the boundaries on what is possible – allowing us to learn more about our universe and helping to make it truly our home. Taking mankind to the moon and beyond The Artemis programme will return humankind to the Moon on the Orion spacecraft. Once this complex series of missions is accomplished, the focus will then be on using the acquired technologies and knowledge to make an even farther trip for humankind – to Mars and back.Partnering with NASA, Airbus is involved in developing the European Service Module (ESM) – the "powerhouse" of the Orion spacecraft. This mission-critical component will provide propulsion, energy, and thermal control, as well as the air that astronauts will breathe while travelling in space. Discover more Establishing a lunar outpost After the success of the International Space Station (ISS), the international exploration community is setting its sights on a new joint collaboration to establish a lunar outpost – The Gateway. This new lunar space station will act as a home base for astronauts travelling aboard Orion spaceships – from where they can set off on further endeavours, be it the Moon or continuing their journey to Mars.Development of the Gateway will continue throughout this decade via a coordinated international effort. With the support of Airbus, the European Space Agency (ESA) will develop a large habitation module - the I-HAB - as well as a refuelling, infrastructure and telecommunications system, called ESPRIT, for the Gateway space station. Mars exploration Airbus is a partner for several missions travelling to and from Mars. The ExoMars rover mission – which is the first European rover mission to the Red Planet – will search for evidence of past or present life on Mars, and help us better understand the history of water on the planet. Named “Rosalind Franklin”, the Airbus-built six-wheeled autonomous navigation rover that will drill for samples, analyse them on board and send results back to Earth along with images and atmospheric data.Airbus is also working on two studies for ESA to design a Sample Fetch Rover and an Earth Return Orbiter. These two elements will be critical parts of a sample-return mission from Mars back to Earth. The Sample Fetch Rover will retrieve samples left by NASA’s Mars 2020 rover mission, placing them in a sample container that will be launched into orbit around Mars. The Earth Return Orbiter will capture the basketball-sized container, seal it within a biocontainment system and bring the samples back to Earth - where they can be analysed by scientists – helping to unlock the mysteries of one of our closest planetary neighbours. Discover more The latest in Airbus In the spotlight Press releases Company Airbus reports Full-Year (FY) 2024 results Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated Full-Year (FY) 2024 financial results and provided guidance for 2025. Stories Helicopters How the fire department of the State of Rio de Janeiro keeps saving lives Press releases Company Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2024 results Press releases Helicopters Florida increases its H125 mosquito control fleet to 10 with new order from Florida… Press releases Company Airbus enters agreement with Spirit AeroSystems
Our strategy | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Guided by our strategy At Airbus, we pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe and united world. In the current challenging operating environment, this purpose has never been more relevant. Our strategic objectives The Airbus strategy is based on four key areas of focus that will enable the Company to deliver on its purpose.Grow Airbus as an aerospace and defence leaderThe Company’s ability to grow in the future will be earned through continuous innovation, both in and around its current portfolio, as well as when preparing the future generation of products and related services. Consolidate European strengths and deepen global reachThe Company has built on its strong European heritage to become truly international. Continued investment in its global footprint is a key strength when addressing international markets.Increase capacity to invest in the futureThe right combination of growth, profitability and resilience is vital to the Company’s long-term competitiveness. Continuous improvement in cost, efficiency and customer satisfaction is essential to further support the Company’s resilience and prepare future investments.Lead the transformation of the aerospace industryMeaningful reductions in carbon emissions are within reach. Through a resilient business model, the Company will continue to lead the decarbonisation of the aerospace sector while meeting international ESG standards. It will focus relentlessly on quality and safety. From the CEO's desk As we work towards shaping our future and that of the industry, one thing is certain – our core principles of safety, quality, integrity, compliance and security will guide us in all we do.Guillaume FauryCEO Airbus Learn more about Airbus About us Airbus is the largest aeronautics and space company in Europe, active in the commercial aircraft, helicopter, defence and space… Products and services Airbus designs, manufactures and delivers industry-leading commercial aircraft, helicopters, military transport, satellites,… What we do We pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe and united world. Our governance Airbus' top-level governing body is the Board of Directors, which delegates day-to-day management to the company’s Chief…
Our Worldwide Presence | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) We are Airbus With around 150,000 employees and 150+ nationalities, spanning over 180 locations worldwide, and supported by 18,000 direct suppliers globally, we are pioneering sustainable aerospace for a safe and united world.Airbus in Europe Learn more Airbus in Americas Discover more Airbus in Asia-Pacific Discover more Airbus in Africa and the Middle East Discover more
Airbus in Europe | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Our presence in Europe Airbus in FinlandAirbus in FranceAirbus in GermanyAirbus in ItalyAirbus in KazakhstanAirbus in PolandAirbus in PortugalAirbus in RomaniaAirbus in SpainAirbus in TürkiyeAirbus in the United Kingdom
Airbus in Americas | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Our presence in the Americas Airbus in BrazilAirbus in CanadaAirbus in ChileAirbus in MexicoAirbus in the United States
Airbus in Asia-Pacific | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Our presence in Asia-Pacific Airbus in AustraliaAirbus in ChinaAirbus in IndiaAirbus in IndonesiaAirbus in JapanAirbus in MalaysiaAirbus in New ZealandAirbus in the PhilippinesAirbus in SingaporeAirbus in South KoreaAirbus in ThailandAirbus in Vietnam
Airbus in Africa and the Middle East | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Our presence in Africa and the Middle East Airbus in AfricaAirbus in the Middle East
Our history | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) A rich and varied heritage The first Airbus aircraft, the A300B1, first took to the skies on October 28th, 1972. Just over fifty years later Airbus is a world leader in designing, manufacturing and delivering aerospace products, services and solutions globally.For the A300B1 to happen it required the pooling of the vision, expertise and knowhow of the aerospace champions in the Airbus home countries. By joining forces in an until then unprecedented industrial cooperation, Airbus’ success owes as much to its culture of collaboration and diversity as it does to its pioneering spirit and innovative mindset. Many of Airbus’ sites in the four home countries are steeped in history dating back to the earliest days of aviation. Today in the 21st century, history is being written at Airbus sites all over the world as we pioneer the transition of our industry towards sustainable aerospace.Take a journey with us, in the pages below, through some of the highlights of our company over the past 50 years, and from the companies that became Airbus over the past 110 years. Our predecessors From the 1910s, Europe’s aviation pioneers led rapid progress, driven by innovation and competition. World War I and II accelerated advancements like turbojet engines and radar, laying the groundwork for commercial aviation. Post-war, Europe’s aviation industry thrived, producing icons like the Concorde and Caravelle, culminating in the Airbus A300—an unprecedented multinational collaboration. Today, Airbus unites over 90% of Europe’s aerospace legacy and has become a global leader in sustainable aviation, driving industry transformation and innovation worldwide. Learn more Our journey In the late 1960s, Airbus’ predecessor companies from France, Germany, the UK, and Spain laid the foundation for today’s industry leader through cooperation on projects like the A300 and rotary-wing aircraft. Airbus revolutionized air travel with the A300, the first twin-engine wide-body airliner, building on innovations like the Concorde and Caravelle. In helicopters, Eurocopter (now Airbus Helicopters) emerged as a leader after the 1992 merger of French and German divisions. Defense collaboration grew post-WWII, leading to Airbus’ unified defense industry in 2000. In space, Airbus consolidated Europe’s expertise, shaping programs like Ariane and Galileo. Discover more From the archives In the spotlight News Commercial Aircraft Airbus and Korean Air celebrate 50 years of partnershipThis week marks the 50th anniversary of the long-standing partnership between Airbus and Korean Air. This dates back to 5 September 1974, when the airline placed its first order with Airbus for the… Press releases Helicopters Airbus finalises acquisition of Aerovel and its UAS Flexrotor Stories Defence #EurofighterNextGen - Taking the Eurofighter to the next level Stories Company The Transall Turns 60 Stories Company 28 October, 50th Anniversary of the first flight of the Airbus A300
Our journey | Our history | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Descended from legends In the late 1960s predecessor companies in France, Germany, the UK and Spain increasingly cooperated together, not only on the Airbus A300 programme, but also in the fields of rotary wing aircraft, air power and space. This is the story of how cooperation would lead to integration and the emergence of the industry leader Airbus is today. Commercial aircraft history The advent of the jet engine in the 1950s, revolutionised commercial air transport. The Sud Aviation SE.210 Caravelle, was one of the most advanced jetliners of its time with many innovative features. France's Sud Aviation and UK's BAC followed up with the Concorde, a symbol of successful technical cooperation, cutting edge technology and performance, which remains unrivalled. Many firsts introduced by Concorde would go on to benefit its descendants.In 1972, Airbus presented the A300, the first twin-engine wide-body airliner, marking the beginning of a new era for air transport with increased passenger capacities and unrivalled operational efficiency. Helicopters history The history of the helicopter in Europe began in the 1920s and 1930s with autogyros and early rotorcraft designed by Juan De La Cierva, Paul Cornu and Heinrich Focke amongst others. But it wasn't until the 1950s that the industry really took off with the successful development of helicopter families by Sud-Aviation and Bolkow/MBB in Germany.The merger of the helicopter divisions of France's Aérospatiale and Germany's Dasa, in 1992, gave birth to Eurocopter, which would become a world leader in its field. In 2014, Eurocopter became Airbus Helicopters, strengthening the group's position in the rotorcraft sector thanks to its successful range of helicopters. Defence history In the aftermath of the second World War a series of cooperation projects between France and Germany (the Nord Noratlas, Fouga Magister) followed by the joint development in the 1960s, of the Transall C-160, would lay the foundations for increased collaboration between European companies.Illustrating the importance of a collective approach to defence challenges. The European defence industry was further bolstered under the Airbus banner in 2000, with the mergers of France's Aérospatiale, Spain's CASA and Germany's Dasa. Space history In 1965, France would become the third country after the USSR and the USA to put a satellite into orbit with its own launcher, the Diamant-A. This success stimulated cooperation with Germany and the UK on the Europa rocket programme which would lead to the creation of the European Space Agency (ESA) in 1975. France's Aérospatiale would go on to be the lead integrator on the Ariane programme, which became a key player in satellite launches.In 2000, the integration of the space activities of Aerospatiale, Dasa and Matra Marconi into Airbus consolidated European expertise, enabling the development of ambitious projects such as the Galileo program and space exploration missions.. From the archives In the spotlight News Commercial Aircraft Airbus and Korean Air celebrate 50 years of partnership This week marks the 50th anniversary of the long-standing partnership between Airbus and Korean Air. This dates back to 5 September 1974, when the airline placed its first order with Airbus for the… Press releases Helicopters Airbus finalises acquisition of Aerovel and its UAS Flexrotor Stories Defence #EurofighterNextGen - Taking the Eurofighter to the next level Stories Company The Transall Turns 60 Stories Company 28 October, 50th Anniversary of the first flight of the Airbus A300
Our predecessors | Our history | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) The origins Today, over 90% of Europe's original aviation and aerospace companies are part of Airbus. Find out how the these companies coming together led to the creation of Airbus. The early days The 1910s saw the emergence of a rapid growing aviation industry in France, Germany and the United Kingdom. With the outbreak of the First World War aviation would be recognized for its strategic value, leading to significant military innovations and rapid technological progress.As the war ended, the 1920s paved the way for commercial aviation. Airlines were founded and a second generation of manufacturers would appear in Europe over the course of the decade. The public's appetite for air travel grew, and aircraft designs evolved fostering a spirit of competition and innovation, encouraging advancements in safety, range and speed. The great technology race The 1930s brought about further technological leaps, including the widespread use of all-metal monoplane designs with retractable landing gears. This era also saw the rise of national airlines, with governments investing heavily in their fleets to enhance connectivity and bolster national pride. During the Second World War, aviation technology underwent unprecedented advancements. The war accelerated the development of faster, more powerful aircraft.Major innovations such as swept wings, turbojet engines, radar, pressurisation and the ejection seat were all ushered in during the Second World War. These innovations not only improved military aviation but also laid the groundwork for the post-war development of commercial aviation. The shift towards a peacetime economy would influence how the European aviation industry would be reshaped in the post-war period, requiring greater cooperation and collaboration between companies and nations. The jet age The late 1940s and 1950s marked a turning point in aviation history with the dawn of the jet age. In 1952 the introduction of the de Havilland Comet heralded a new era of jet travel, significantly reducing flight times. By the late 1950s, airlines were expanding their fleets with jets, making air travel accessible to the masses. In 1955, Sud Aviation’s SE.210 Caravelle first took to the skies. The 1960s saw even more dramatic changes, including the development of supersonic transport.The Concorde programme, a joint project between the UK and France, aimed to revolutionize air travel with speeds exceeding Mach 2. This ambitious project captured the public's imagination, symbolizing technological prowess and luxury. The Caravelle and Concorde would both be important stepping stones on the path to the Airbus A300. A star is born By 1970, Europe had firmly re-established itself as a leader in aviation, combining military advancements with a burgeoning commercial industry. The continent's rich aviation legacy—marked by daring pioneers, wartime innovations, and a commitment to passenger transport—would coalesce around the Airbus A300 programme.The A300 was an unprecedented collaboration between the industry leaders in France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom, which would go on to set the stage for a company that would grow into a global industry leader. The emergence of a global company The spirit of innovation that began in the early 20th century thrived and continues to live on in the 21st century. From its European roots Airbus is now a Global company that is leading the industry's transformation towards sustainable aerospace. The story continues... Aircraft profiles Some of the most iconic aircraft of the past have been designed and built by Airbus and its predecessor companies. From the first Airbus, the A300 B1, to the 1909 Blériot XI, take a beautifully illustrated tour of some of the legendary aircraft, helicopters, launchers and satellites that have marked the history of aerospace. From the archives In the spotlight News Commercial Aircraft Airbus and Korean Air celebrate 50 years of partnership This week marks the 50th anniversary of the long-standing partnership between Airbus and Korean Air. This dates back to 5 September 1974, when the airline placed its first order with Airbus for the… Press releases Helicopters Airbus finalises acquisition of Aerovel and its UAS Flexrotor Stories Defence #EurofighterNextGen - Taking the Eurofighter to the next level Stories Company The Transall Turns 60 Stories Company 28 October, 50th Anniversary of the first flight of the Airbus A300
Crisis management | Security | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Improved monitoring, response and resilience At Airbus, we deal with all kinds of crises: natural or man-made disasters, industrial accidents, confrontations or malicious acts. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, forest fires, hurricanes or volcanic eruptions, as well as man-made disasters, regularly cause significant hardship to populations and damage to infrastructure and the environment.In addition, industrial accidents can never be completely avoided, no matter how many precautions are taken. And confrontations or acts of malevolence are a fact of life in our world. It is therefore essential for all those involved in crisis management and disaster relief to improve their ability to anticipate and respond in order to mitigate the effects of disasters. A reliable partner for crisis management Effective crisis management is a collaborative effort between government, civil society and the private sector at all stages: from effective prevention and preparation, through rapid response, to recovery and evaluation of the lessons learned.Drawing on many years of experience, Airbus offers advanced solutions for critical communications, connectivity and geo-information throughout a crisis, all tailored and scaled to the needs of the user. Our assets for crisis management Versatile and efficient tactical aircraft The C295 is ideal for all types of crisis relief and humanitarian missions. Tough, solid, rugged and with excellent low-level flying capabilities and short take-off and landing times from unprepared rough, soft and short airstrips. Learn more about C295 Mobile assets Helicopters can reach any disaster site three to five times faster than ground vehicles, making them ideal for transporting rescue teams and equipment, as well as providing emergency medical services. Learn more about Helicopters Airbus constellation Our satellite imagery and geospatial analytics provide actors in the crisis management domain with an accurate and remote view of any emergency, whether natural or man-made. Learn more about Constellation Our solutions for crisis management Secure communications solutions We offer the widest range of satellite communications bandwidth and best-in-class capabilities for network services and solutions (network operations, field support services and training). Discover Secure communication… Mission critical communication Our advanced critical communications solutions enable multiple organisations to communicate anytime and anywhere during a crisis - resiliently and securely. Discover crisis management Mobile hospitals In order to respond quickly to crisis situations, Airbus offers mobile hospital solutions (transportable, modular & rapidly deployable) with full functionality to ensure the best medical care. Discover mobile solutions We provide a range of products and services that ensure networks are protected, potential threats are anticipated and incidents are managed quickly and effectively. Airbus Foundation - Partnering with the humanitarian community Through the Airbus Foundation, we support the work of disaster relief and emergency responders by bringing together the products and people of our global aerospace company. The Foundation supports international organisations and local teams working against the clock to tackle disasters. We make available our fleet of aircraft, helicopters and their crews, as well as providing valuable satellite imagery of disaster sites.See how Airbus satellite imagery supports crisis management: Discover more about earthquakes Discover more about flooding events Discover our Security portfolio Cybersecurity As a leading European cyber security provider, we at Airbus help our customers stay ahead of the most advanced cyber threats. Public Safety Airbus enables public safety organisations to communicate securely and improve operational efficiency. Maritime Keeping the oceans safe: Airbus ensures maritime security with intelligent solutions that support maritime missions. The latest in Security news In the spotlight Stories Company Airbus supports public safety in South Tyrol Airbus is never far when it comes to public safety in South Tyrol. Whether it is the mountain rescue service, the police or the fire brigade, they all rely on products and solutions from Airbus to… Press releases Defence Airbus completes acquisition of infodas, strengthens cybersecurity portfolio Press releases Defence Airbus to acquire INFODAS and strengthen its cybersecurity portfolio Stories Security Reliable and secure communication is key: Securing the F1 race in Abu Dhabi News Defence Airbus coordinates four European Defence Fund R&D projects
Innovation | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Bringing future concepts to life At Airbus, we believe in a decarbonised, connected and autonomous future for aerospace. We work closely with our innovation ecosystem and leverage our digitised operations to imagine future concepts, technologies and materials that will bring this vision to reality.Energy transitionIntroducing new low-emission propulsion technology to aerospace Discover new energies Aircraft operationsTowards safer, more efficient and interoperable flight Learn about new operations Digital transformationA digital-first approach to designing aerospace products Discover digital projects Future aircraftTechnologies, designs and materials that will shape future airplanes and helicopters Discover future aircraft Innovation ecosystemLeveraging collective intelligence to deliver results Learn more about the ecosystem The NOVA NewsletterYour go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking projects that will transform aerospace. Subscribe now The latest in innovation In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Airbus launches study on non-CO2 aircraft emissions with Canadian aerospace partnersAirbus and major Canadian aerospace academic and research organisations have launched a project to measure non-CO2 emissions produced from different jet fuels, including 100% sustainable aviation… Stories Innovation Soaring towards future aircraft Press releases Innovation Airbus showcases hydrogen aircraft technologies during its 2025 Airbus Summit Press releases Innovation Airbus advances key technologies for next-generation single-aisle aircraft Press releases Innovation Airbus accelerates Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) adoption with book and claim
Energy transition | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Pursuing lower-emission aviation ALTERNATIVE ENERGIES Airbus has developed a structured and modular energy transformation roadmap applicable to all of its aerospace solutions. The roadmap includes a range of technologies such as sustainable aviation fuels (SAF), hydrogen – either directly burnt or transformed into electricity through fuel cells – and new hybrid-electric propulsion systems. We are exploring these technical solutions in parallel and continuously refining their potential to meet our decarbonisation ambition. Energy transition at Airbus Sustainable aviation fuelsHydrogenHybrid and electric flightSolar flight The latest in energy transition In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Airbus launches study on non-CO2 aircraft emissions with Canadian aerospace partners Airbus and major Canadian aerospace academic and research organisations have launched a project to measure non-CO2 emissions produced from different jet fuels, including 100% sustainable aviation… Press releases Innovation Airbus showcases hydrogen aircraft technologies during its 2025 Airbus Summit Press releases Innovation Airbus accelerates Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) adoption with book and claim Press releases Innovation PACIFIC, a new European project led by Airbus, will advance research on contrail… Press releases Innovation Airbus Canada rolls out sustainable aviation fuel, unlocking 100% SAF capacity… More in innovation at Airbus Aircraft operations Welcome to the future of aircraft operations – where innovation meets efficiency and sustainability. Digital transformation Airbus’ digital transformation is about integrating advanced technologies and concepts throughout the product lifecycle, from… Innovation ecosystem Airbus cultivates an innovation ecosystem where internal experts and external stakeholders come together to translate ideas into… Future aircraft At Airbus, we are designing the next generation of future aircraft to have lower emissions by optimising aerodynamic performance… Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Sustainable aviation fuels | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) What is sustainable aviation fuel (SAF)? For almost a century, aircraft have been fueled by kerosene. Now, a new generation of sustainable aviation fuels has the potential to halve the aviation industry’s carbon emissions by 2050.Sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) is certified jet fuel (Jet-A/A1). However, unlike traditional jet fuel fully derived from fossil resources, today's SAF is a blend of conventional fossil fuel and synthetic components made from a range of renewable “feedstock” (such as used cooking oils, fats, plant oils, municipal, agricultural and forestry waste).All Airbus aircraft are capable of flying on a maximum 50% blend of SAF and conventional fuel. However, by 2030, all our aircraft and helicopters will be capable of flying with up to 100% SAF.ASTM International, a global standards and testing body, has approved eight technical pathways for producing SAF. Each pathway has its own set of requirements based on different feedstocks and conversion processes. The Airbus Summit 2025 brought experts together to talk about pioneering sustainable aerospace and how we are shaping the future of aviation. How is SAF made? Here are just three of the most common pathways:- HEFA (Hydrotreated Esters and Fatty Acids): The HEFA process refines vegetable oils, waste oils, or fats into SAF through hydrotreating and hydroprocessing. - Alcohol to Jet: Alcohol to Jet (AtJ) converts alcohols such as ethanol and iso-butanol into SAF by removing the oxygen and linking the molecules together. - eFuels: SAF can be produced using green hydrogen, capturing carbon dioxide, and using renewable electricity to create synthetic fuels. This type of SAF is sometimes referred to as eFuel or Power-to-Liquid (PtL). How does SAF reduce the aviation industry's carbon footprint? Air transport represents approximately 2-3% of global human-induced GHG emissions. SAF is one of the means the aviation industry is using to reduce that carbon footprint.On average, SAF can reduce CO2 emissions by 80% compared to traditional jet fuel. This substantial reduction is crucial to the industry’s progress towards decarbonisation.The key to SAF's impact lies in its life cycle. When burned, SAF still produces emissions similar to those emitted by fossil fuels. But unlike conventional jet fuels, which take fossil resources out of the ground and release previously stored carbon into the atmosphere, SAF primarily uses carbon that is part of the current carbon cycle in various feedstocks. This means that the CO2 emitted during an aircraft's flight is re-absorbed by the biomass used in SAF production. 19 Jul 2024 01:01 1 - What is SAF ? Sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) is a renewable jet fuel that can reduce CO2 emissions by 80% on average and is being developed to eventually power aircraft with up to 100% SAF, without the need for blending with fossil fuels. This video illustrates what SAF is and its use in aircraft today. 19 Jul 2024 01:01 1 - What is SAF ? 19 Jul 2024 01:56 2 - How is SAF made ? 19 Jul 2024 01:25 3 - Why SAF ? What challenges are delaying SAF uptake? The SAF ecosystem is in its infancy. In 2023, SAF volumes reached over 600 million litres (0.5Mt), double the 300 million litres (0.25 Mt) produced in 2022 but still only amounting to 0.2% of all aviation fuel for the year. Limited volumes mean SAF is much more expensive than conventional jet fuel.As production expands SAF will likely be able to compete on price, but this is not a given; it requires collaboration between governments, industry and regulators on a global scale.Appropriate regulatory mechanisms and inventive structures still need to be put in place, and even then, there are challenges associated with the limited availability of land and biowaste.As the SAF ecosystem matures, it is expected that multiple pathways utilising the most regionally appropriate feedstocks will be established. It is clear that both biomass sources and eFuels will be necessary to meet demand. What is Airbus doing to increase SAF usage? Airbus is increasing the use of SAF in its own operations, with a target of 15% SAF in our global fuel mix by the end of 2024 and at least 30% by 2030.We have been accompanying our customers in their own reduced emissions journey, giving them the option to fuel their new aircraft with SAF since 2016.Airbus is conducting flight tests with 100% SAF, exploring the impact of SAF emissions (both contrails and non-CO2) on the atmosphere.The Airbus employee travel policy offers SAF to airlines for all employee business travel and we fuel our shuttle flights with SAF when the aircraft is fuelled on Airbus premises and where SAF is available.Airbus supports the large-scale development of SAF and has been actively engaged in certification processes and demonstration projects. We collaborate with airlines, airports, SAF producers and research institutions around the world to help advance the SAF ecosystem, addressing the policy and regulatory environment and the drivers of supply and demand. The latest in SAF In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Airbus accelerates Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) adoption with book and claim Airbus is taking a significant step toward scaling the adoption of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) by testing a new “Book and Claim” approach. Press releases Innovation PACIFIC, a new European project led by Airbus, will advance research on contrail… Press Release Sustainability Airbus signs MoU to collaborate on pure Japan-domestic wood-based SAF Stories Defence A330 MRTT: the evolution of the world's leading air-to-air refuelling tanker Press releases Sustainability Airbus to boost sustainable aviation fuel production through investment in LanzaJet Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Hydrogen | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Investing in hydrogen propulsion technology AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT To ensure that future generations can continue to experience the joy of flying, Airbus is investing in several promising decarbonisation solutions. One of these is hydrogen, as hydrogen-powered aircraft offer the potential to reduce aviation's reliance on fossil fuels. Hydrogen has been safely and effectively used in the space and automobile industries for decades. Today’s challenge is to adapt its use to commercial aviation. Hydrogen’s extremely high energy-to-mass ratio makes it very appealing for aerospace applications, providing the potential for significantly cutting emissions. The main hurdle is its low ambient density, which means it needs to be stored on the aircraft at -253°C. This requires advanced storage technologies to make hydrogen practical for use on an aircraft. Airbus committed to taking on this challenge in 2020 when it launched the ZEROe project, which aims to bring a hydrogen-powered aircraft to the skies. After investing in research into both hydrogen combustion and hydrogen fuel cell technology, Airbus determined in 2025 that fuel cells are the most promising option for a future hydrogen-powered aircraft. ZEROe: a hydrogen-powered, fully electric aircraft FUTURE AIRCRAFT After extensive research, Airbus has determined that the most promising use for hydrogen in aviation is through hydrogen fuel cells. This means the future ZEROe aircraft will be fully electric. It will feature four electric propellers, each powered by hydrogen fuel cells, which transform the hydrogen into electricity through a chemical reaction. Learn more Developing hydrogen fuel cells for aviation purposes POWERING HYDROGEN FLIGHT After almost five years of research into hydrogen propulsion, Airbus has determined that the most promising technology will be hydrogen fuel cells. These cells are scalable, meaning they can be combined into fuel cell stacks to increase their power output. Airbus founded Aerostack, a joint venture with ElringKlinger, to research, develop and assemble the fuel cell stacks for the future ZEROe aircraft. Learn more Contributing to a global hydrogen ecosystem COLLABORATING ON HYDROGEN In order for ZEROe to be a success, more investment in hydrogen storage and infrastructure is needed. Significant technological, economic, and regulatory hurdles remain before hydrogen can be adopted at scale within the aviation sector. To support the expansion of this industry, Airbus is collaborating with a variety of industry players, including energy providers and airports, to ensure hydrogen can help us to take significant steps towards decarbonising aviation. Learn more Contributing to global decarbonisation goals A DIVERSIFIED APPROACH Airbus is committed to helping the aviation industry decarbonise. The ZEROe project is just one of several pathways we are pursuing in pursuit of this goal. We are also developing a next-generation single-aisle aircraft that will bring significant improvements in costs, operations and emissions reductions. In parallel, we are investing in future technologies, air traffic management solutions, sustainable aviation fuels and more. Learn more The latest in hydrogen In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Airbus showcases hydrogen aircraft technologies during its 2025 Airbus Summit During the 2025 Airbus Summit, Airbus provided an update on its roadmap to pioneer the future of commercial aviation in the decades to come, outlining plans to prepare a next-generation single-aisle… Stories Innovation Developing a global ecosystem to support hydrogen-powered flight Press releases Innovation Airbus partners with Avolon to explore future of hydrogen aviation Press releases Innovation Airbus welcomes London Gatwick to global hydrogen hub network Press releases Company Airbus, Aena, Air Nostrum, Iberia, Exolum and Repsol join forces to study the… Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Hybrid and electric flight | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) On the path to lower-carbon flight REDEFINING PROPULSION A range of technologies are required in order to meet the aviation industry’s decarbonisation ambition. Chief among them are promising propulsion concepts, such as electrification, hybrid-powered flight and hydrogen fuel cells. At Airbus, our research into electrification aims to lay the groundwork for the future industry-wide adoption and regulatory acceptance of alternative means of propulsion for aircraft, helicopters and urban air vehicles. Hybrid-electric aircraft propulsion In a hybrid configuration, an aircraft uses several energy sources in flight, either in tandem or alternately. The mix of energy sources optimises overall energy efficiency and reduces fuel consumption.Hybrid-electric propulsion leads to better energy management, reducing fuel consumption by up to 5% compared to a standard flight. The electricity can come from batteries or fuel cells that convert hydrogen into electricity. Collaborating on hybridisation research We are working closely with key industry players to advance hybridisation research. In November 2022, Airbus and Renault Group signed a research and development agreement which aims to accelerate both companies’ electrification roadmaps.In June 2023, Airbus and STMicroelectronics signed an agreement to advance research on the next generation of semiconductors, which will be a key enabler of hybrid and fully electric aircraft such as the ZEROe demonstrator and CityAirbus NextGen. Our electric flight projects EcoPulse A new approach to distributed propulsion for aircraftEcoPulse is a distributed hybrid-propulsion aircraft demonstrator, developed in partnership with Daher and Safran with the support of France’s CORAC and DGAC. Learn more CityAirbus NextGen Safe, sustainable and integrated urban air mobilityThis all-electric, four-seat multicopter demonstrator focuses on advancing remotely piloted vertical take-off and landing flight (eVTOLs). Learn more DisruptiveLab A new flying laboratoryDisruptive Lab will evaluate a new aerodynamic rotorcraft architecture. It will also test hybridisation, with a fully parallel hybrid propulsion system that enables the battery to be recharged in-flight. Learn more Latest in hybrid and electric flight In the spotlight Stories Innovation Soaring towards future aircraft Airbus’ next-generation single aisle aircraft will incorporate novel technologies related to propulsion, wings, hybridisation, materials and systems. Stories Innovation EcoPulse results suggest a bright future for hybrid-electric aviation Press releases Innovation EcoPulse paves the way for more sustainable aviation Stories Innovation Is quantum computing an enabler for the decarbonisation of aviation? News Space EUTELSAT 36D Airbus-built satellite successfully launched Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Solar flight | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) High-altitude flight powered by the sun PUSHING THE LIMITS The sun’s rays bathe our planet with vast amounts of energy – approximately 885 million terawatt hours every year. At Airbus, we are working to use this alternative renewable energy source to power high-endurance stratospheric flight. Our advances in solar cell technology enable unmanned aerial vehicles to stay aloft in the stratosphere for extended periods, using only sunlight as energy.Our work in solar flight is focused on:- Developing advanced photovoltaic solar panels that are lighter, more flexible and capable of capturing more energy per surface m2- Converting captured solar energy into electrical energy to power an electric-propulsion system and other onboard equipment- Harnessing solar energy into a rechargeable energy storage system, thereby enabling the aircraft to fly at night with unlimited autonomy Taking unmanned aerial vehicles into the stratosphere Our flagship programme, Zephyr, is a high-altitude pseudo-satellite that is powered exclusively by solar power. Known as a high-altitude platform station (HAPS), it can fly non-stop for months at a time. Zephyr provides two key services: it can relay high-quality imagery and live video, and it also serves as a communications tower in the sky, capable of being seamlessly integrated into mobile operator networks. Discover Zephyr Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly. Latest news Press releases Space NTT DOCOMO and Space Compass partners with Airbus on HAPS, committing to a USD$100… A consortium of Japanese businesses led by NTT DOCOMO and Space Compass, together with Mizuho Bank and the Development Bank of Japan, has committed to invest USD$100m in AALTO, which manufactures and… Press releases Innovation Airbus partners with Space Compass to serve the Japanese market with mobile… Press releases Innovation Airbus and Salam join forces for High Altitude Platform Station (HAPS) connectivity… Press releases Innovation Airbus to deliver connectivity services using its leading Zephyr High Altitude… Press releases Defence Airbus, NTT, DOCOMO and SKY Perfect JSAT Jointly Studying Connectivity Services from…
Aircraft operations | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Technology for safe and efficient operations To facilitate the work of aircraft operators and air traffic management, Airbus is developing new, more efficient operational technologies. This includes solutions to optimise flight trajectories and digital air traffic management solutions that can safely and efficiently integrate unmanned traffic and more autonomous flights.As part of the quest to pioneer sustainable aerospace, Airbus is also investigating how improving aircraft operations can reduce noise pollution and both CO2 and non-CO2 emissions such as NOx, contrails and aerosols. Aircraft operations at Airbus Air traffic managementAutonomous flightUnmanned traffic managementNon-CO2 emissionsAircraft noise reductionHelicopter sound footprint The latest in aircraft operations In the spotlight Stories Innovation Soaring towards future aircraft Airbus’ next-generation single aisle aircraft will incorporate novel technologies related to propulsion, wings, hybridisation, materials and systems. Press releases Innovation Airbus advances key technologies for next-generation single-aisle aircraft Press releases Innovation New pilot assistance technologies take to the road with Airbus' Optimate demonstrator Stories Defence Aerial refuelling without human intervention Stories Helicopters UTM is a key enabler of AAM More in innovation at Airbus Energy transition Discover Airbus’ energy transition roadmap with low-emission propulsion tech: sustainable aviation fuels, hydrogen, hybrid… Digital transformation Airbus’ digital transformation is about integrating advanced technologies and concepts throughout the product lifecycle, from… Innovation ecosystem Airbus cultivates an innovation ecosystem where internal experts and external stakeholders come together to translate ideas into… Future aircraft At Airbus, we are designing the next generation of future aircraft to have lower emissions by optimising aerodynamic performance… Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Air Traffic Management | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Optimising flight to reduce emissions RETHINKING OPERATIONS Operational improvements can reduce our environmental impact. By optimising flight trajectories and coordination with air traffic management partners, we are contributing to the European ATM Master Plan’s goal of reducing average CO2 flight emissions by 5-10%.ATM organisation and rules are designed to permit safe increases in air traffic. We are deploying a variety of air traffic management solutions to reduce emissions, including services and software upgrades. We are also working on our own pioneering solutions to further optimise air traffic management, including systems upgrades, so that ATM services enable the best use of aircraft while maintaining airspace capacity. Improving flight operations ATM solutions and operational measures can reduce the impact of air travel on the environment. All flight phases are concerned, including continuous climb and descent operations, flight trajectory optimisation and hybrid on-ground operations.Airbus is an active member of the Single European Sky ATM Research (SESAR) Joint Undertaking, which works to enhance ATM procedures to reduce emissions. More than 500 demo flights have been performed to test ATM solutions, and further demo flights are planned as technologies evolve. Wake energy retrieval Airbus is participating in multiple projects investigating wake energy retrieval (WER). By coordinating flights so that one aircraft follows another, the second aircraft benefits from free lift, thus requiring less engine thrust, which reduces fuel consumption and creates up to a 5% reduction in CO2 emissions. We hope to demonstrate the operational feasibility of the concept in order to enable the introduction of WER flights into ATM operations. Learn more Trajectory based operations Trajectory based operations (TBO) are a way of managing air traffic based on predicted and planned flight trajectories. This allows trajectories to be optimised by air traffic control, all while ensuring the safety of every aircraft from takeoff to landing. By transmitting four-dimensional trajectory data (latitude, longitude, altitude and time), aircraft trajectories can be better coordinated, leading to lower fuel burn and fewer carbon emissions. Airbus is collaboratively researching TBO with air traffic control partners and airlines. HERON: increasing fuel efficiency In nature, the heron is a graceful bird that is highly adaptable to changing environmental conditions. In aviation, HERON is the name of an Airbus-led European project about fuel-efficient flight operations.The project aims to demonstrate how innovative flight operations can reduce the environmental impact of aviation. It falls within the Single European Sky ATM Research (SESAR) Programme, and is scheduled to run until late 2025. Read more The latest in air traffic management In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Airbus and its partners demonstrate how sharing the skies can save airlines fuel and… Airbus has performed the first long-haul demonstration of formation flight in general air traffic (GAT) regulated transatlantic airspace with two A350 aircraft flying at three kilometers apart from… Stories Innovation How a fello'fly flight will actually work Press releases Sustainability Airbus joined by European partners to demonstrate reduced emission fello’fly… Stories Innovation Airlines are looking to reduce fuel consumption. Wake energy retrieval could help Press releases Company Airbus inspired by nature to boost aircraft environmental performance Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Autonomous flight | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Pioneering automated flight systems PUTTING SAFETY FIRST Over the last 100 years, as the aerospace industry has emerged, evolved and improved, automation and autonomous technologies have played a key role in helping us increase the safety of our products and their operational efficiency. Assisting flight operations safely and efficiently Emerging technologies, systems and solutions, assist flight operations in a crucial role: they are the tools that will enable the aerospace industry and its customers to thrive long into the future and they are equally essential to our vision: “to pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe and united world.“Whatever the level of “autonomy” (from automation systems to fully autonomous vehicles), we use these technologies to keep our products state of the art, improving the human/machine interface. We adapt the level of automation according to the market segments, products, environment and expected benefits to reach our shared goal: the safest and most efficient operations. According to what we aim to achieve and the market expectations, we see the potential for diverse applications of autonomy, and we are preparing safety and operational improvements for all products as a result. Further, sustainability is a key driver for Airbus as well as a responsibility of both today's society and businesses. As we continue to grow and innovate as both an industry and an organisation, sustainability is a priority across our products with autonomy as a vital contributor to the future success of our market. Our projects Autonomous air-to-air refuelling Auto'MateThis demonstrator develops, adapts and evaluates technologies enabling autonomous air-to-air refuelling in formation flight operations. It will consist of in-flight testing of the key technologies - focusing on three technological bricks that are accurate relative navigation, in-flight communication and cooperative control algorithm - in order to pave the way to a future autonomous assets air-to-air refuelling product. Learn more DeckFinder This local positioning system enables manned and remotely piloted aerial systems (RPAS) to determine their relative position in the harshest environmental conditions. The independent navigation system contributes to easier and safer take-off and landing procedures in GPS-shaded environments that lack reference points or visual cues. Learn more AirSense Enhanced situational awareness and advanced analytics for better decision making in aviation; anticipating operations, increasing fuel savings and safer sky, easy to consume data. Learn more Future Combat Air System (FCAS) Our projects This European defence programme aims to connect the next-generation fighter aircraft to other aerial vehicles through a system-of-systems approach that is enabled by advanced analytics and AI. Discover more Our projects Vertex Through this project, autonomous features are introduced to the helicopters Flightlab. These technologies aim to simplify mission preparation and management, reduce helicopter pilot workload, and further increase safety. Learn more extended Minimum Crew Operation (eMCO) Extended Minimum Crew Operations (previously CONNECT project) enables the flight crew to better organise their presence in the cockpit during the cruise phase thanks to additional automated functions. Wayfinder This Acubed project builds scalable, certifiable autonomy systems that power self-piloted aircraft applications throughout Airbus, from small urban aerial vehicles to large commercial aircraft. Learn more Optimate Our projects This demonstrator is testing new technologies to support automatic taxiing and enhance pilot assistance at airports. The three-year research project combines a wide range of cutting-edge technologies and is being tested onboard an innovative electric truck, before performing a fully automated gate-to-gate mission on an A350 flight test aircraft. Learn more UAS solutions for military and commercial applications The latest in autonomous flight In the spotlight Press releases Innovation New pilot assistance technologies take to the road with Airbus' Optimate demonstrator New pilot assistance technologies take to the road with Airbus' Optimate demonstrator Stories Defence Aerial refuelling without human intervention Press releases Defence Airbus achieves in-flight autonomous guidance and control of a drone from a tanker… Stories Innovation Could the humble dragonfly help pilots during flight? Press releases Innovation Airbus concludes ATTOL with fully autonomous flight tests Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Airbus Unmanned Traffic Management | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Planning for tomorrow’s skies SEAMLESS OPERATIONS Unmanned Traffic Management (UTM) is building digital air traffic management solutions for the next age of aviation. Airbus designs, develops and builds the infrastructure necessary to allow existing aircraft to continue operating in lower airspace and to permit future vehicles, including delivery drones and air taxis, to safely enter and share airspace in the future. Joint airspace management for safe future airspace The lower airspace of the future will be populated with familiar helicopters, but also with futuristic aircraft such as delivery drones and air taxis, also known as electrical vertical take-off and landing vehicles (eVTOLs).To safely manage all these air vehicles, our joint airspace will need a scalable approach to air traffic management (ATM).Airbus believes UTM is a fundamental enabler of an integrated, accessible airspace that will support a wide range of new vehicles and operations. The 6 core principles to Airbus UTM deployment Scalable The ability to support UTM functions at scale: whether the various operations that UTM must provide can reasonably be built using an accompanying digital platform. Safe The platform must be able to enable a reliable UTM system that is available for safe operation at scale, and that allows the holistic design of failure handling across the system. Secure The platform must be sufficiently secure for safe operation. High assurance development, authorization and authentication, and defence in depth mechanisms must be supported. Future-proof ​The platform must support future vehicles, missions, and systems. The world is changing rapidly and we must design a system which can support this. Interoperable Defining standards and regulatory frameworks that drive interoperability are critical to ensuring overall efficiency and safety of UTM deployments. Sustainable UTM functions are a critical component of the future airspace ecosystem, and will unlock operational efficiencies and enable new vehicle types to operate safely and sustainably. Reducing emissions by changing the way we fly The latest in unmanned traffic management In the spotlight Stories Helicopters UTM is a key enabler of AAM Unmanned Traffic Management (UTM) is a completely new ecosystem that has to deal with unmanned vehicles. Air Traffic Management (ATM), our current system which relies on human controllers… Stories Innovation Connectivity in the era of flying taxis Stories Innovation What is unmanned traffic management? News Innovation Urban Air Mobility: on the path to public acceptance Stories Innovation Premiering a future blueprint for our sky Discover more Other related pages Aircraft operations Welcome to the future of aircraft operations – where innovation meets efficiency and sustainability. Air traffic management Optimising aircraft operations and air traffic management practices are other ways we can reduce CO2 emissions. Unmanned Aerial Systems Airbus’ leverages its heritage and expertise in manned flight for robust and reliable unmanned aerial systems which are… Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Non-CO2 emissions | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Developing operational solutions STUDYING CLIMATE IMPACTS The decarbonisation of the aviation industry is a key focus for Airbus, and mitigating non-CO2 emissions is a contributor to our decarbonisation ambitions.Airbus is leading a variety of flagship projects to explore ways of reducing or mitigating the climate impacts of non-CO2 emissions. We are working with key industry partners, research institutions, universities and stakeholders from different sectors to better understand these emissions and develop operational solutions to mitigate them. The Airbus Summit 2025 brought experts together to talk about pioneering sustainable aerospace and how we are shaping the future of aviation. What are non-CO₂ emissions? Burning jet fuel creates both carbon dioxide (CO2) and non-CO2 emissions. Non-CO2 emissions consist mostly of water vapour and soot.At altitude, in certain conditions water vapour freezes around soot particles. This forms ice clouds known as condensation trails, or contrails - the white streaks behind aircraft in flight. Calculating contrails’ climate effect is complex. It depends whether they are persistent, when and where they are formed and whether they have a cooling or warming effect: contrails both reflect incoming solar radiation and trap outgoing heat. How is Airbus taking action to mitigate non-CO₂ emissions and contrails? Airbus is working with research scientists, policymakers and the aviation industry to better understand and reduce non-CO₂ impacts. This includes:Research & flight trials: Studying contrails and testing fuel alternatives to reduce their impact. Contrail avoidance: Exploring new flight paths that minimise persistent contrails. New technologies: Investing in hydrogen-powered flight and innovative propulsion systems for cleaner aviation.Non-CO₂ emissions are an urgent but solvable challenge, and Airbus is leading the way in finding solutions. CICONIA Current projects This Airbus-led project within the EU’s SESAR programme is assessing the impact that atmospheric conditions, aircraft characteristics and fuel have on non-CO₂ emissions. This includes how contrails could be mitigated through adapted flight operations to reduce aircraft-induced climate impacts. Blue Condor This demonstrator flies a modified glider to 33,000 feet – an extreme altitude for an aircraft that normally cruises below 10,000 feet – to analyse the impact of hydrogen combustion on contrail properties. The result of this analysis will provide critical information on aviation’s non-CO₂ emissions, including contrails and nitrogen oxides (NOx). Read more PACIFIC The PACIFIC consortium brings together 11 partners from four countries to investigate the impact of fuel composition and engine cycle on particle emissions at different scales. PACIFIC seeks to bridge the gap in understanding aviation’s non-CO₂ emissions by testing an unprecedented range of fuels under controlled conditions. PACIFIC will ensure consistency in combustion parameters and hardware similarity from lab-scale experiments to full aircraft engine tests. The multiyear project launched in January 2025. Learn more Past projects VOLCAN VOLCAN was a partnership between Airbus, Safran and Dassault Aviation and others. An A321neo was flown using 100% sustainable aviation fuel, with a chase aircraft following within 100 metres to capture emissions data in real time. Learn more ECLIF3 Funded by Airbus, the ECLIF3 study compared the effects of 100% SAF, Jet A-1 and SAF blends on in-flight emissions, contrail properties and aircraft performance from both aircraft engines in flight. Learn more The latest in non-CO2 emissions In the spotlight Stories Innovation Non-CO2 emissions and contrails, explained Airbus wants to better understand contrails. These are real, and not to be confused with chemtrails, which are not. Chemtrails are a conspiracy theory. Press releases Sustainability Aerospace Technology Leaders Call for Expanding Research on Non-CO2 Emissions Press releases Sustainability World’s first in-flight study of commercial aircraft using 100% sustainable aviation… Stories Sustainability Airbus’ most popular aircraft takes to the skies with 100% sustainable aviation fuel Press releases Innovation Airbus to take up the hydrogen contrail characterisation challenge Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Digital transformation | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Developing a digital ecosystem THE DIGITAL REVOLUTION Airbus is leveraging advanced digital technologies to revolutionise how we design, produce and operate our products. We are adapting our production facilities and industrial ecosystem to embrace digital methods and are accelerating the integration of smart manufacturing, known as Industry 4.0, into our operations.Our company-wide programme DDMS (Digital Design Manufacturing and Services) sets new industry standards for interconnecting platforms and increasing data exchange, resulting in improved and more efficient collaboration. In tandem, we are exploring how artificial intelligence, quantum technologies, advanced analytics and connectivity can solve design, manufacturing and operation challenges.This digital revolution is taking place at every level of operations within Airbus, driving innovation and excellence throughout our ecosystem. It encourages teams to embrace digital tools, streamline processes, enhance efficiency and revolutionise production methods. It plays a key role in supporting our purpose of pioneering sustainable aerospace for a safe and united world. Digital transformation at Airbus Industry 4.0Artificial intelligenceQuantum technologiesDigital Design, Manufacturing & ServicesAdvanced analyticsConnectivity innovations The latest in digital transformation In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Quantum Leaps: Winners of Airbus and BMW Group’s Quantum Computing Challenge Unveiled Airbus and BMW Group have pushed quantum computing forward another step to leverage its significant potential for future mobility solutions. At Q2B, the companies have unveiled the winners of the… Stories Airbus Foundation Airbus Foundation launches immersive AI experience for teens Press releases Innovation Airbus, Accuray and the Oncopole use artificial intelligence to improve the… Stories Innovation The Future is Calling: Unveiling Airbus' Private 5G Network Stories Innovation How Airbus uses generative artificial intelligence to reinvent itself More in innovation at Airbus Energy transition Discover Airbus’ energy transition roadmap with low-emission propulsion tech: sustainable aviation fuels, hydrogen, hybrid… Aircraft operations Welcome to the future of aircraft operations – where innovation meets efficiency and sustainability. Innovation ecosystem Airbus cultivates an innovation ecosystem where internal experts and external stakeholders come together to translate ideas into… Future aircraft At Airbus, we are designing the next generation of future aircraft to have lower emissions by optimising aerodynamic performance… Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Industry 4.0 | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Shaping the future of aviation Changing market needs and customer expectations are radically transforming the way today’s aircraft are designed and manufactured. To build aircraft that meet the highest standards of quality and performance, our industrial ecosystem must be future-focused, intelligent and digital. The Industry 4.0 revolution is putting Airbus on the path towards full digital transformation across our entire product lifecycle. Discover more in digital transformation Digital transformation Airbus’ digital transformation is about integrating advanced technologies and concepts throughout the product lifecycle, from… Robotics Airbus is developing an end-to-end robotics network focused on supporting the ramp-up and transforming the industrial system. Artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence is a key competitive advantage used to capitalise on the value of data. Discover Airbus programmes that… Quantum technologies Learn more about how Airbus is leveraging quantum technologies to improve performance and help solve the aerospace industry’s… Digital Design, Manufacturing & Services Discover Digital Design, Manufacturing & Services (DDMS), Airbus’ digital-first approach to how aerospace products are designed,… Advanced analytics Learn more about how Airbus leverages advanced analytics technology to provide the right information to the right people at the… Connectivity innovations Discover how Airbus works to better connect its passengers and aircraft to the digital world to enable better decision-making and… Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Artificial intelligence | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Implementing AI throughout our business TRANSFORMING AEROSPACE Artificial intelligence (AI) is much more than a research field: it is a ubiquitous future technology with the potential to redefine all areas of our society. At Airbus, we believe AI is a key competitive advantage that enables us to capitalise on the value of our data, to bring the best to our customers. However, with great power comes great responsibility. Ethical and legal considerations surrounding AI have never been more critical. We strive to implement both at the core of our AI activities. The Airbus Summit 2025 brought experts together to talk about pioneering sustainable aerospace and how we are shaping the future of aviation. Shaping our business through artificial intelligence Airbus focuses on six technical areas relating to AI that will shape our business over the next five years: Knowledge extraction Extracting value from unstructured documents Computer vision Transforming images and video into objects and activities based on deep-learning detection and decision-making Anomaly detection Finding hidden patterns in data Conversational assistance Designing natural language-interaction systems Decision-making Optimising solutions for very complex constrained problems Autonomous flight Enabling the next generation of aerial vehicles with new capabilities AI in autonomy AI across Airbus Autonomous flight Computer vision and machine-learning technologies based on AI are critical to enabling self-piloted commercial aircraft to take off and land, and to navigate and detect ground obstacles autonomously. Discover more Future Combat Air System (FCAS) This European defence programme aims to connect the next-generation fighter aircraft to other aerial vehicles through a system-of-systems approach that is enabled by advanced analytics and AI. Discover more Unmanned traffic management Incorporating autonomy into today’s airspace.When sharing our airspace, today’s unmanned aerial vehicles, such as drones, exchange vast amounts of mission-critical information – all of which AI can filter, classify and merge. Discover more AI in software AI across Airbus Factory of the FutureThis DDMS project aims to standardise and streamline software AI tools used for enterprise resource planning to move from sequential to co-developmental production processes.Discover moreSkywiseOur open-based data platform leverages AI to analyse disparate data sources that offer powerful new insights benefitting the entire aviation industry.Discover more AI in space AI across Airbus CIMON This AI-based robotic assistant for astronauts aboard the International Space Station is equipped with cameras, sensors and microphones to see, hear, process and display information, as well as speak and fly. Read more Earth observation Imagery provided by advanced aerospace technologies – such as high-resolution satellites and drones within an AI environment – can generate customised analyses for applications relating to catastrophe response and damage assessment. Discover more The latest in artificial intelligence In the spotlight Stories Airbus Foundation Airbus Foundation launches immersive AI experience for teens Artificial intelligence is all around us. From digital assistants that switch on the lights at dusk to chatbots performing basic customer service, in recent years AI has become increasingly… Press releases Innovation Airbus, Accuray and the Oncopole use artificial intelligence to improve the… Stories Innovation How Airbus uses generative artificial intelligence to reinvent itself Press releases Defence Airbus achieves in-flight autonomous guidance and control of a drone from a tanker… Stories Commercial Aircraft Can the tracking of in-flight catering improve airline sustainability? Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Quantum technologies | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Tackling the most complex challenges OPENING NEW OPPORTUNITIES Quantum technologies are expected to create a massive paradigm shift in the way aircraft are built and flown. At Airbus, we aim to be an early adopter of quantum technologies to enhance the performance of our products and services, and to help us solve the most complex aerospace challenges. Leveraging quantum to solve aerospace challenges Airbus is exploring a number of quantum technologies that can be applied to aerospace challenges. These technologies include the following: Quantum computing The aerospace industry has complex computational needs in the areas of fluid dynamics, finite-element simulations, aerodynamics, flight mechanics, and more. Airbus actively uses advanced computing solutions in these areas. We strongly believe quantum computing, in tandem with more traditional high-performance computing (HPC) solutions, can help us to solve key computationally intensive tasks. Quantum communication Today’s cryptographic algorithms – such as the widely used encryption via asymmetric keys – will not be able to sustain attacks by the quantum computers of tomorrow. Our goal is to develop a future secure communications infrastructure for our aerospace platforms based on security-enhancing quantum information technologies (algorithms, authentications, keys). Quantum sensing Quantum sensors are effective at measuring physical quantities such as frequency, acceleration, rotation rates, electric and magnetic fields, and temperature with the highest relative and absolute accuracy. We believe this could have direct applications in improving our navigation systems in which precise acceleration measurement is used to achieve position data. In addition, quantum sensors could act as payloads for a range of different applications, such as climate dynamics from satellites or underground resources surveying from an aircraft. Partnering with quantum technology experts Quantum technologies will enable Airbus to answer advanced flight-physics challenges. To do so, we partner with external experts—from academia and start-ups to industry—to optimally merge quantum technologies and capabilities with our aerospace competencies.Examples of our collaborations include the following:Airbus has established a partnership with IonQ to collaborate on the development of quantum algorithms for aerospace use cases in the field of optimization.Airbus Ventures has invested in IonQ, Q-CTRL, and QC Ware, amongst others, and continues to seek out startups significantly impacting the future of quantum technology.The Airbus Quantum Computing Challenge builds bridges to academia and start-ups by enabling participants to work on real industrial cases across a variety of aerospace challenges,We also provide support to the University of Bristol's Quantum Technology Innovation Centre.In 2023, Airbus, BMW Group, and Quantinuum published the results of a research focused on modelling chemical reactions within hydrogen fuel cells, with the objective of developing new and better performing materials. This research aims to address a significant challenge in the development of Airbus's hydrogen-powered aircraft. Airbus and BMW Group Quantum Computing Challenge The latest in quantum technologies In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Quantum Leaps: Winners of Airbus and BMW Group’s Quantum Computing Challenge Unveiled Airbus and BMW Group have pushed quantum computing forward another step to leverage its significant potential for future mobility solutions. At Q2B, the companies have unveiled the winners of the… Stories Innovation Is quantum computing an enabler for the decarbonisation of aviation? Press releases Innovation Airbus and BMW Group launch Quantum Computing Competition to tackle their most… Stories Innovation Cars, planes and lightning-fast computing Press releases Innovation BMW Group, Airbus and Quantinuum Collaborate to Fast-Track Sustainable Mobility… Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Digital Design, Manufacturing & Services | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Preparing the next generation of aircraft INCREASINGLY DIGITAL Digital Design, Manufacturing & Services (DDMS) is a digital-first approach to the way aerospace products are designed, manufactured and operated. At Airbus, our DDMS programme focuses on digital methods and tools for end-to-end business process that ensure we can reduce costs and time to market for our products, while meeting our customers’ expectations for quality, safety and environmental performance. An Airbus-wide transformation programme To better adapt to societal demand for air travel and to improve the environmental performance of our products, digital continuity across our industrial system and processes is needed. This is where our DDMS programme comes in. This Airbus-wide digital transformation programme aims to achieve the following: Major breakthroughs and changes to the way we design, manufacture and support the next generation of Airbus products,An accelerated timeline to adapt our industrial production rates,Secure operational performance and industrial maturity starting from the entry-into-service phase,Reduced product development lead time and increased value,Increased customer satisfaction thanks to flexibility for later-stage customisation. Our DDMS projects A321XLR This complement to the best-selling A320neo Family responds to market needs for even more range and creates more value for airlines by bringing 30% lower fuel burn per seat than previous-generation competitor aircraft. Learn more Future Combat Air System (FCAS) The Future Combat Air System (FCAS) is a key instrument in ensuring future European autonomy and sovereignty in defence & security. Furthermore, it strengthens Europe as an industry and technology hotspot, not just in the defence sector, but with important spill-overs into the civilian world. Learn more The latest in DDMS In the spotlight Discover more Stories Innovation The Future is Calling: Unveiling Airbus' Private 5G Network Press releases Space Industry first: Loft Orbital signs agreement with Airbus to procure more than… Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Advanced analytics | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Improving aircraft operations and efficiency INTEGRATED SOLUTIONS Today's business decisions depend on the insights that big data can offer. But massive volumes of complex and unstructured data require high-performance analytics to extract value. At Airbus, we leverage future technology in advanced analytics to provide the right information to the right people at the right time – and in a context they understand. A value-driven approach to analytics Every day, Airbus collects and processes massive amounts of data from our aircraft operations. We have data-driven approaches and products that enable us to achieve greater performance and provide value across all domains. This results in the following benefits:Operational excellenceImproved product design, strategy and marketingGreater fleet operational performance and reliabilityNew business models and revenue streamsFaster rates of innovationIn 2017, Airbus officially launched Skywise, our open data platform. Skywise collects vast amounts of data from Airbus, as well as our customers and suppliers, to enable new levels of insight that have the potential to facilitate better decision-making and unlock significant cost savings. Discover Skywise This certificate ISO 27001:2022 delivered by BSI is a demonstration of Airbus commitment and compliance in its Information Security Management System to operate Skywise’s services. The latest in advanced analytics In the spotlight Press releases Innovation Airbus Services launches “FHS Powered by Skywise” Airbus Services has launched the development of a new enhanced Flight Hour Service offering: “FHS Powered by Skywise”. The new service will progressively introduce applications to simplify and… News Innovation Skywise community expands News Innovation Digitising maintenance for end-to-end continuity Press releases Innovation Airbus’ open aviation data platform Skywise continues to gain market traction Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Connectivity innovations | Airbus Skip to main content Skip to search Open menu Close menu Menu Open search form Close search form Search Close search form What are you looking for? Search Search Most popular topics Airbus SummitRacerA321XLRA400MZEROeSustainable aviation fuel (SAF) Facilitating digital connection in the skies SEAMLESS CONNECTIVITY In the aerospace industry, connectivity means faster access to critical information, leading to better decision-making and outcomes. At Airbus, we work to better connect our passengers and aircraft to the digital world, whether on the ground, in the air or anywhere around the world. Building faster access to critical information Airbus builds comprehensive future technology capabilities to deliver uninterrupted connectivity that is interoperable between aircraft, helicopters, drones, future electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOLs) vehicles, satellites, command centres and mobile units deployed on the ground or at sea. Our objective is to offer seamless in-flight connectivity that is comparable to mobile phone connectivity available on the ground – even when switching from one network to another, from 4G to Wi-Fi, or from country to country – without compromising the aviation industry's high standards in reliability and cybersecurity. In doing so, we can enhance the in-flight passenger experience through ubiquitous "always on" connectivity. Our connectivity projects Reliable Connected Fleet: This programme aims to revolutionise connectivity architecture by combining dependable and secure communications with superior service quality.Airbus UpNext TELEO: This programme aims to provide seamless smart routing in satellite constellations (LEO and GEO). Airbus UpNext TELEO also will boost ground-to-space communication data rates thanks to ultra-high throughput optical links.Airbus Connected Experience: This on-board IoT aircraft platform will link interconnected core cabin components – such as galleys, meal trolleys, seats and overhead bins – to enable data exchange in real time throughout the cabin for the crew. More connectivity projects Unified Airbus Network Solution: This solution provides scalable data and networking technologies, from airline to satellite, to help reduce airlines' operating costs.System-on-Chip Avionics: This avionics computing solution offers integration based on safety-critical multi-core processors combined with a new generation of avionics communications.Wireless Sensor Network: This resilient, standardised wireless sensor network helps to reduce cabling and increase number of sensors to be deployed. Satellites connection for people all over the globe Latest in innovation In the spotlight Stories Innovation Soaring towards future aircraft Airbus’ next-generation single aisle aircraft will incorporate novel technologies related to propulsion, wings, hybridisation, materials and systems. Press releases Innovation Airbus showcases hydrogen aircraft technologies during its 2025 Airbus Summit Press releases Innovation Airbus advances key technologies for next-generation single-aisle aircraft Press releases Innovation Airbus accelerates Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) adoption with book and claim Press releases Innovation PACIFIC, a new European project led by Airbus, will advance research on contrail… Discover more Your go-to source for the latest stories on disruptive technologies and ground-breaking aerospace projects that will transform the way we fly.
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-7538595320629170
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-34401670136924089
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-90372902254348222
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-90373851442120638
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-72433480988952509
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-90377184336742334
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-45264132054779834
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-45265420544968634
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-34404912837232569
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-72441989319165885
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-45269118511810490
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-72445326508754877
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-4614942362765229
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 49000300048669472-52590809390843835