
Innovating Healthcare: Johnson & Johnson's Groundbreaking Innovations Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation Innovation September 29, 2023 March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation February 19, 2025 “The surgical devices I design for Johnson & Johnson can help speed healing and save lives” Candice Otrembiak’s work combines her love of science with her natural problem-solving skills. The result: high-tech devices that help make medical procedures more efficient for surgeons and safer for patients. Read more Innovation February 26, 2025 Using your own cells to fight cancer Cell therapy is bringing the world one step closer to eliminating cancer. Here’s how Johnson & Johnson is moving this cutting-edge therapy forward. Read more Innovation November 26, 2024 This scientist develops targeted treatments for cancer—here’s what drives and inspires him Learn more about Zhao, his partnership with Johnson & Johnson and antibody-drug conjugates—a new type of cancer therapy that targets and kills cancer cells without harming healthy cells. Read more Featured stories Innovation June 25, 2024 Getting in front of cancer Every year, roughly 2 million people in the U.S. are newly diagnosed with cancer. But a number of scientific breakthroughs—including ones made at Johnson & Johnson—have dramatically changed what kind of prognosis many of these patients will have. Read more Innovation June 13, 2024 Inside the development of a revolutionary treatment for blood cancers In 2014, a Johnson & Johnson therapy gained approval for the treatment of a type of B-cell malignancy—increasing survival rates and changing the way scientists approach cancer treatment. These 8 milestone moments tell the transformational story. Learn more Innovation May 31, 2024 “I’m a scientist dedicated to bringing eye-health innovations to the world” Meet Xiao-Yu Song, Global Head of Research & Development for Vision at Johnson & Johnson, who leads a talented team that creates cutting-edge products addressing vision problems through all stages of life. Read more Innovation May 8, 2024 How robots are helping personalize knee replacement surgery Learn the latest about this common procedure and how Johnson & Johnson MedTech is innovating to improve patient outcomes. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more More from Johnson & Johnson Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more Latest news January 30, 2025 Johnson & Johnson named a 2025 Fortune World’s Most Admired Company A dedication to innovation and social responsibility are just two of the qualities that helped the company garner a coveted spot on the list for the 23rd year in a row. Read more Latest news January 22, 2025 What you need to know about Johnson & Johnson’s 2024 fourth-quarter and full-year earnings report Check out this infographic breakdown of the company’s fourth-quarter and full-year performance, with highlights from its Innovative Medicine and MedTech businesses. Read more
Our Company Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company Our Company Every day, our more than 130,000 employees globally are building a world where complex diseases are prevented and cured, treatments are smarter and less invasive—and solutions are personal. At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress. That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life. Today we are committed to using our reach and size for good. We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere. Discover J&J September 27, 2023 Our Credo We’ve been caring for people for more than 135 years. Learn more about the history of our company and our people. Read more Our Story Put simply, it challenges us to put the needs and well-being of the people we serve first. Read more Our leaders and leadership approach Management Team Read more Board of Directors Read more Corporate Governance The print and digital publications we produce each year that recap the company’s business performance and key enterprise-wide milestones. Read more Our commitment to our people Diversity Inclusion at Johnson & Johnson is about creating a deep sense of belonging. It’s about a culture where you are valued, your ideas are heard and you advance this culture for everyone. Read more Women Read more Veterans Read more Office of the Chief Medical Officer Read more Reports 2023 Health for Humanity Report Download PDF 2023 Annual Report Download PDF Code of Business Conduct We believe acting ethically and responsibly is not only the right thing to do, but also the right thing to do for our business. Read more Company products Learn more about our Innovative Medicine and MedTech businesses. Read more Discover J&J Corporate reports Find information about some the publications we produce each year. Read more ESG Policies & Positions The policies and positions on ESG issues that are important to Johnson & Johnson and our stakeholders. Read more Info for investors Get the latest financial information, earnings reports and five-year financial review. Read more Suppliers We are proud to collaborate and partner with a wide range of suppliers who support our businesses around the world. Read more
Our leadership team Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Discover J&J /Our leadership team Our leadership team Executive Committee Joaquin Duato Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joaquin Duato is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson. Under his leadership, J&J is now exclusively focused on tackling the toughest health challenges by developing innovative medicines and medtech solutions. Vanessa Broadhurst Executive Vice President,Global Corporate Affairs Vanessa Broadhurst is Executive Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs, and is a member of the Executive Committee. In this role, Vanessa is responsible for advancing our strategy across Corporate Marketing, Global Communications, Health Equity, and Philanthropic giving. She leads a world-class team who are passionate about changing the of health of humanity. Liz Forminard Executive Vice President,Chief Legal Officer Liz Forminard is Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer for Johnson & Johnson and a member of the Company’s Executive Committee. She serves as legal advisor to the Board of Directors and company executives and is responsible for shaping legal strategy worldwide. Liz also oversees the Company’s Environmental, Social and Governance strategy, Office of the Corporate Secretary, and Privacy organization. In addition, she serves as the executive sponsor of the Open & Out LGBTQ+ Employee Resource Group. Kristen Mulholland Executive Vice President,Chief Human Resources Officer Kristen Mulholland is Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, responsible for global talent, recruiting, inclusion, compensation, benefits, employee relations, and all aspects of the human resources agenda for Johnson & Johnson. Kristen is a member of the Executive Committee, Compensation Committee and HR Digital Council, and Chair of the Pension and Benefits Committee. John C. Reed, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President,Innovative Medicine, R&D As Executive Vice President, Innovative Medicine, R&D and Johnson & Johnson (J&J) Executive Committee member, John’s mission is to focus the best research and development teams in the world at the intersection of unmet medical need and innovation to change the trajectory of human health. A biomedical research leader with a distinguished career across nonprofit, academia, and industry, John encourages a culture that is fast-paced and open to reimagining how life-saving medicines are discovered, developed and delivered. Employing multiple drug modalities, John’s team works across a wide range of areas including oncology, immunology, neuroscience and select disease areas where there is high unmet need. Tim Schmid Executive Vice President,Worldwide Chairman, MedTech As Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chairman of MedTech at Johnson & Johnson, Tim Schmid is transforming the future of healthcare. Under Tim’s leadership, the $30B organization of 75,000+ employees is focused on developing and delivering medical technologies that help save lives, change the course of disease, and restore health. James Swanson Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer Jim Swanson is Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, and member of the Executive Committee for Johnson & Johnson. Based at Johnson & Johnson’s USA headquarters, Jim is responsible for accelerating Johnson & Johnson’s business outcomes and advancing human health with technology and digital innovation. Jennifer L. Taubert Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Innovative Medicine Jennifer L. Taubert is Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chairman, Innovative Medicine at Johnson & Johnson, the world’s largest healthcare company. She is a member of the Corporation’s Executive Committee and leads the Innovative Medicine Group Operating Committee. Kathryn E. Wengel Executive Vice President, Chief Technical Operations and Risk Officer Kathryn E. Wengel (Kathy) is Executive Vice President, Chief Technical Operations & Risk Officer for Johnson & Johnson, and a member of the Company’s Executive Committee. She has significant healthcare, operations and global business expertise – with more than three decades of experience in leadership positions at Johnson & Johnson. Joseph J. Wolk Executive Vice President,Chief Financial Officer Joseph J. Wolk (Joe) is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Johnson & Johnson. Joe serves as a member of the company’s Executive Committee, playing a strategic role in the overall management of the organization and leading the development and execution of the business’ global long-term financial strategy. Additionally, as the financial steward of Johnson & Johnson, Joe’s scope of responsibilities includes driving competitive and profitable growth, generating sustainable cash flow, allocating capital to maximize value creation and managing risk across the entire enterprise. Board of Directors Joaquin Duato Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joaquin Duato is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson. Under his leadership, J&J is now exclusively focused on tackling the toughest health challenges by developing innovative medicines and medtech solutions. Darius Adamczyk Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Honeywell International Inc. Mr. Adamczyk, age 58, served as Executive Chairman of Honeywell International Inc. since June 2023 and was first elected as Chairman in April 2018. Mr. Adamczyk also served as Chief Executive Officer from March 2017 to June 2023. Mr. Adamczyk was President and Chief Executive Officer from March 2017 to April 2018 and Chief Operating Officer from April 2016 to March 2017. From April 2014 to April 2016, Mr. Adamczyk served as President and CEO of Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT). Prior to serving as President and CEO of PMT, Mr. Adamczyk served as President of Honeywell Process Solutions from 2012 to 2014 and as President of Honeywell Scanning and Mobility from 2008 to 2012. Mr. Adamczyk joined Honeywell in 2008 when Honeywell acquired Metrologic, Inc., where he was the Chief Executive Officer. Prior to Metrologic, Mr. Adamczyk held several general management assignments at Ingersoll Rand, served as a senior associate at Booz Allen Hamilton, and started his career as an electrical engineer at General Electric. He is a member of the US-China Business Council, Business Roundtable and Business Council. Mary C. Beckerle, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer, Huntsman Cancer Institute at the University of Utah; Distinguished Professor of Biology and Oncological Sciences, University of Utah Dr. Beckerle, age 69, has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Huntsman Cancer Institute at the University of Utah since 2006. She is the Associate Vice President for Cancer Affairs and a Distinguished Professor of Biology and Oncological Sciences at the University of Utah. Dr. Beckerle joined the faculty of the University of Utah in 1986 and currently holds the Jon M. Huntsman Presidential Endowed Chair. Dr. Beckerle has served on the National Institute of Health (NIH) Advisory Committee to the Director, on the Board of Directors of the American Association for Cancer Research, on the Board of Scientific Advisors for the National Cancer Institute, as President of the American Society for Cell Biology and as the Chair of the American Cancer Society Council for Extramural Grants. She currently serves on a number of scientific advisory boards, including the Medical Advisory Board of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and external advisory boards for comprehensive cancer centers at Duke, Georgetown, and University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Beckerle is also an elected Member of the National Academy of Science, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the American Philosophical Society. Jennifer A. Doudna, Ph.D. Professor of Chemistry; Professor of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology; Li Ka Shing Chancellor’s Professorship in Biomedical and Health, University of California, Berkeley Dr. Doudna, age 60, joined the faculty at University of California, Berkeley, as a Professor of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology in 2002. She directs the Innovative Genomics Institute, a joint UC Berkeley-UC San Francisco center, holds the Li Ka Shing Chancellor’s Professorship in Biomedical and Health, and is the Chair of the Chancellor’s Advisory Committee on Biology at UC Berkeley. Dr. Doudna is Principal Investigator at the Doudna Lab at UC Berkeley and has founded and serves on the Scientific Advisory Boards of Caribou Biosciences, Inc. and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., both leading CRISPR genome engineering companies. She has been an Investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute since 1997. Dr. Doudna is the recipient of numerous scientific awards in biochemistry and genetics, including the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2020. Dr. Doudna is a Trustee for Pomona College. Marillyn A. Hewson Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lockheed Martin Corporation Ms. Hewson, age 70, served as the Executive Chairman of Lockheed Martin Corporation (aerospace) from June 2020 until March 2021, as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2014 to June 2020 and held the positions of Chief Executive Officer and President from January to December 2013. Ms. Hewson served as a Director of Lockheed Martin Corporation from 2012 through March 2021. Ms. Hewson currently serves on the Boards of Chevron and Nexii Building Solutions. Ms. Hewson is a fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Trilateral Commission, Council on Foreign Relations, Council of Chief Executives, and the University of Alabama President’s Cabinet and Culverhouse College of Business board of visitors. Paula A. Johnson, M.D. President, Wellesley College Dr. Johnson, age 64, has served as the President of Wellesley College since 2016. She is a physician-researcher specializing in cardiology who founded and served as the inaugural Executive Director of the Connors Center for Women’s Health and Gender Biology at Brigham and Women’s Hospital from July 2002 to June 2016. Dr. Johnson served as the Chief of the Division of Women’s Health at Brigham and Women’s Hospital from July 2002 to June 2016. She was also a Professor of Medicine at the Harvard Medical School and Professor of Epidemiology at the Harvard School of Public Health. She is a member of the National Academy of Medicine and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She has been recognized with several honorary doctorates and other prestigious awards. She has served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Rockefeller University since November 2021 and as a Director of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum since 2015. Hubert Joly Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Best Buy Co., Inc. Mr. Joly, age 64, served as the Executive Chairman of Best Buy Co., Inc. (consumer electronics) from June 2019 to June 2020, having joined the company in 2012 as President and Chief Executive Officer and becoming Chairman, President, and Chief Executive in 2015. From 2004 to 2008, he was Global President and Chief Executive Officer, Carlson Wagonlit Travel, and then served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Carlson Companies from 2008 to 2012. In 1999, he joined Vivendi as Global Chief Executive Officer, Vivendi Universal Games, and was later appointed Executive Vice President of U.S. Assets and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of Vivendi Universal. Prior roles included, from 1996 to 1999, Vice President, Europe and President of Electronic Data Systems France and, from 1983 to 1996, McKinsey & Company, eventually serving as Partner. Mr. Joly is a Senior Lecturer of Business Administration at Harvard Business School and serves on the Board of Directors of Sciences Po Foundation, the Board of Trustees of the Minneapolis Institute of Art, the New York Public Library and the International Advisory Board of his alma mater, HEC Paris. Mark B. McClellan Director, Duke-Margolis Institute for Health Policy; the Margolis Professor of Business, Medicine and Policy, Duke University Dr. McClellan, age 60, became the inaugural Director of the Duke-Margolis Institute for Health Policy and the Margolis Professor of Business, Medicine and Policy at Duke University in January 2016. He is also a faculty member at Dell Medical School at The University of Texas in Austin. Previously, he served from 2007 to 2015 as a Senior Fellow in Economic Studies and as Director of the Initiatives on Value and Innovation in Health Care at the Brookings Institution. Dr. McClellan served as Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services from 2004 to 2006 and as Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) from 2002 to 2004. He served as a Member of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers and as Senior Director for Healthcare Policy at the White House from 2001 to 2002 and, during the Clinton administration, held the position of Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economic Policy for the Department of the Treasury. Dr. McClellan previously served as an Associate Professor of Economics and Medicine with tenure at Stanford University, where he also directed the Program on Health Outcomes Research. Dr. McClellan is the founding Chair and Senior Advisor to the Board of the Reagan-Udall Foundation, is a Member of the National Academy of Medicine and the Academy’s Leadership Consortium for Value and Science-Driven Health Care, and Co-Chairs the Guiding Committee of the Health Care Payment Learning and Action Network. He sits on the Boards of Directors of ResearchAmerica!, National Alliance for Hispanic Health, and United States of Care, as well as PrognomIQ Inc. Anne M. Mulcahy Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Xerox Corporation Ms. Mulcahy, age 71, was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Xerox Corporation (business equipment and services) until July 2009, when she retired as CEO after eight years in the position. Prior to serving as CEO, Ms. Mulcahy was President and Chief Operating Officer of Xerox. She also served as President of Xerox’s General Markets Operations, which created and sold products for reseller, dealer and retail channels. Earlier in her career at Xerox, which began in 1976, Ms. Mulcahy served as Vice President for Human Resources with responsibility for compensation, benefits, human resource strategy, labor relations, management development and employee training; and as Vice President and Staff Officer for Customer Operations, covering South America and Central America, Europe, Asia and Africa. Ms. Mulcahy was the U.S. Board Chair of Save the Children from March 2010 to February 2017, and was appointed as a Trustee in February 2018. Mark A. Weinberger Former Global Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, EY (Ernst & Young) Mr. Weinberger, age 62, served as the Global Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EY (Ernst & Young) (professional services) from 2013 through June 2019, having served as Global Chairman and CEO-elect in the prior year. He was Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Treasury in the George W. Bush Administration and was appointed by President Bill Clinton to serve on the U.S. Social Security Administration Advisory Board. Mr. Weinberger serves as a Senior Advisor to Stone Canyon Industries Holdings Inc. and Teneo. He is an Executive Advisor to G100 and World 50. Mr. Weinberger also serves as a Strategic Advisor to the Board of FCLTGlobal, which focuses on long-term investing and corporate governance. Mr. Weinberger is on the CEO Advisory Council of JUST Capital. He sits on the Board of Directors of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER), is a Senior Advisor to Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose (CECP) and is a member of the Aspen Economic Strategy Group. He is a member of the Boards of Trustees for Emory University, Case Western Reserve University, The Concord Coalition, The Greater Washington Partnership and US Council for International Business. Nadja Y. West, M.D. Retired United States Army Lieutenant General and Former United States Army Surgeon General Dr. Nadja West, age 62, retired from the U.S. Army with the rank of Lieutenant General in October 2019. She served as the 44th Army Surgeon General, and the Commanding General of the U.S. Army Medical Command from 2015 to 2019, overseeing the highest medical readiness and battlefield wound survival rates in history. As the Joint Staff Surgeon from 2013 to 2015, Dr. West was the principal medical advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Pentagon, where she coordinated all related health services issues, including operational medicine, force health protection and readiness within the military. Her prior roles include Deputy Chief of Staff for Support, U.S. Army Medical Command from 2012 to 2013, ensuring proper resources and support for smooth operation of the entire command. From 2010 to 2012, Dr. West served as Commanding General of the Europe Regional Medical Command. She is the recipient of numerous U.S. military awards, including the Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal and the Legion of Merit with three Oak Leaf Clusters. Dr. West currently serves as Trustee of both the National Recreation Foundation and Mount St. Mary’s University; on the Board of Governers of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA); and board member of Americares, The Olmsted Scholar Foundation and The Woodruff Foundation. Eugene A. Woods Chief Executive Officer of Advocate Health Eugene A. Woods, MBA, MHA, FACHE, is Chief Executive Officer, Advocate Health, one of the largest non-profit health systems in the country – created from the combination of Advocate Aurora Health and Atrium Health. The organization has nearly 155,000 teammates, serving over six million patients in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Wisconsin and Illinois. Advocate Health also offers among the nation’s largest graduate medical education programs, with over 2,000 residents and fellows. Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee Darius Adamczyk, ChairMarillyn A. HewsonHubert JolyAnne M. MulcahyMark A. Weinberger Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee Anne M. Mulcahy, ChairJennifer A. DoudnaPaula A. JohnsonHubert Joly Compensation & Benefits Committee Marillyn A. Hewson, ChairDarius AdamczykEugene A. Woods Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee Mark A. Weinberger, ChairMary C. BeckerleMark B. McClellanNadja Y. West Finance Committee* Joaquin Duato, ChairMarillyn A. Hewson*Exercises the authority of the Board between Board meetings Science & Technology Committee Mary C. Beckerle, ChairJennifer A. DoudnaMark B. McClellanNadja Y. West
Corporate reports Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Discover J&J /Corporate reports Corporate reports Here are some of the print and digital publications we produce each year that recap the company’s business performance and key enterprise-wide milestones. Annual meeting materials 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2024 Annual Report Read more 2025 Proxy Statement Read more 2023 Annual Report Read more 2024 Proxy Statement Read more 2022 Annual Report Read more 2023 Proxy Statement Read more 2021 Annual Report Read more 2022 Proxy Statement Read more 2020 Annual Report Read more 2021 Proxy Statement Read more 2019 Annual Report Read more 2020 Proxy Statement Read more Board Report on Oversight of Risk Related to Opioids Read more 2018 Annual Report Read more 2019 Proxy Statement Read more 2017 Annual Report Read more 2018 Proxy Statement Read more 2016 Annual Report Read more 2017 Proxy Statement Read more 2023 Health for Humanity Report Explore past issues of the Health for Humanity Report dating back to 2017. Read the reports Johnson & Johnson / Paul Bettings More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
ESG Policies & Positions Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/ESG Policies & Positions ESG Policies & Positions At Johnson & Johnson, we blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly impact health for humanity. This aspiration includes impacting patients, consumers and all others who use our products, as well as the health of our employees, our communities and the planet.As a purpose-driven company, how we deliver enduring impact is embedded in our business strategy through execution of our environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy, which frames our ambitions, informs our operations and creates accountability for our vision of the future.As we continue to evaluate how we can best serve Our Credo stakeholders, we have taken steps to further refine, prioritize and strategically address relevant ESG topics that can have an impact on our business, and on people and society. Click on each topic to find more information, including the Company’s relevant Policy or Position, related content on Johnson & Johnson websites and relevant disclosures in our annual Health for Humanity Report. Additional information can be found at our ESG resources page. Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Sort By:Alphabetical - A-Z Alphabetical - A-Z Alphabetical - Z-A A Animal Welfare Download Animal Welfare Policy Related Topics Responsible Research Anti-Corruption Download Position on Anti-Corruption Related Topics Ethics and Compliance Code of Business Conduct Sales, Marketing and Scientific Engagement Antimicrobial Resistance Download Position on Antimicrobial Resistance Artificial Intelligence Download Doing the right thing: AI and ethics Related Topics Ethics and Compliance Data Privacy B Business Continuity Management Download Position on Business Continuity Management Related Topics Responsible Supply Base Information Security C Climate Change Download Position on Climate Action Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Climate action Our approach to climate action Related Topics Environmental Health and Safety Environmental Stewardship Responsible Supply Base Code of Business Conduct Download Code of Business Conduct Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Ethics & compliance Related Topics Our Credo Values Ethics and Compliance Employment and Labor Practices Anti-Corruption Community Impact Download Position on Community Impact Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Empowering the healthcare workforce Related Topics Disaster Relief Our Credo Values Conflict Minerals Download Position on Conflict Minerals Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Responsible supply base Related Topics Human Rights Responsible Supply Base Corporate Governance Download Position on Corporate Governance Enterprise Risk Management Framework Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Corporate governance Corporate Governance Related Topics Code of Business Conduct Counterfeit Healthcare Products Download Position on Counterfeit Healthcare Products Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Counterfeiting & illicit trade Related Topics Quality and Compliance Patient, Consumer and Product Safety D Data Privacy Download Position on Data Privacy Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Information security & data privacy Related Topics Information Security Human Rights Disaster Relief Download Position on Disaster Relief Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Community giving Responding to people in crisis Related Topics Community Impact Our Credo Values E Employee Development and Total Health and Well-Being Download Position on Employee Development and Total Health and Well-Being Learn more About Careers at Johnson & Johnson 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Employee attraction & development 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Employee health, safety & well-being Related Topics Employment and Labor Practices Environmental Health and Safety Employment and Labor Practices Download Position on Employment and Labor Rights Position on Providing a Discrimination-Free Workplace Position on Providing a Safe and Harassment-Free Workplace Position on Resolving Employee Grievances Employment of Young Persons Policy Guide for Resolving Employee Disagreements in North America Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Our employees 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Human rights Related Topics Employee Development and Total Health and Well-Being Human Rights Code of Business Conduct Environmental Health and Safety Download Position on Environmental Health and Safety Management Environmental Health and Safety Policy Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Environmental Health 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Employee health, safety & well-being Global environmental sustainability Related Topics Climate Change Pharmaceuticals in the Environment Environmental Stewardship Download Position on Environmental Stewardship Our Approach to Nature and Biodiversity Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Responsible supply base Global environmental sustainability Related Topics Environmental Health and Safety Climate Change ESG Governance Download Position on ESG Governance Position on Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 2021 Priority Topics Assessment Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: ESG governance and strategy ESG resources Related Topics Stakeholder Engagement Ethics and Compliance Download Position on Ethics and Compliance Position on Anti-Corruption Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Ethics & compliance Related Topics Anti-Corruption Sales, Marketing and Scientific Engagement Code of Business Conduct H Human Rights Download Position on Human Rights Anti-Human Trafficking Policy Human Rights and Anti-Modern Slavery Statement FY 2023 Learn more: 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Human rights Related Topics Ethics and Compliance Responsible Supply Base Employment and Labor Practices Code of Business Conduct I Information Security Download Position on Information Security Learn more: 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Information security & data privacy Related Topics Data Privacy Intellectual Property Download Position on Intellectual Property O Our Credo Values Learn more Read Our Credo Values Related Topics Code of Business Conduct P Patient, Consumer and Product Safety Downloads Position on Patient Safety Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Product quality & safety Related Topics Quality and Compliance Responsible Research Pharmaceuticals in the Environment Download Position on Pharmaceuticals in the Environment Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Product sustainability Related Topics Environmental Health and Safety Political Engagement and Contributions Learn more Political Engagement Related Topics Stakeholder Engagement Pricing of Medicines Learn more Janssen U.S. Transparency Report Janssen Access and Pricing Principles Q Quality and Compliance Download Position on Quality and Compliance Johnson & Johnson Quality Management Framework Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Ethics & compliance 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Product quality & safety Related Topics Patient, Consumer and Product Safety Counterfeit Healthcare Products Responsible Supply Base R Responsible Chemical Management Download Position on Responsible Chemical Management Related Topics Conflict Minerals Environmental Health and Safety Pharmaceuticals in the Environment Responsible Research Download Ethical Code for the Conduct of Research and Development Position on Bioethics Position on Clinical Trial Data Transparency Position on Human Pluripotent Stem Cell Research Position on Pre-Approval Access Position on the Conduct of Clinical Trials Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Research for healthier outcomes Office of the Chief Medical Officer Related Topics Patient, Consumer and Product Safety Ethics and Compliance Responsible Supply Base Download Position on Responsible Supply Base Responsibility Standards for Suppliers Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Responsible supply base Our suppliers help us fulfill our mission Related Topics Conflict Minerals Environmental Stewardship Human Rights S Sales, Marketing and Scientific Engagement Download Position on Ethical Sales and Marketing Position on Responsible Interaction with Healthcare Professionals Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Ethics & compliance Interactions with Patient Organizations Related Topics Ethics and Compliance Code of Business Conduct Anti-Corruption Stakeholder Engagement Download Position on Stakeholder Engagement Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: ESG governance and strategy Interactions with Patient Organizations Related Topics ESG Governance Corporate Governance Strengthening Health Systems Download Position on Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Connecting communities to care 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Empowering the healthcare workforce Center for Health Worker Innovation Related Topics Universal Health Coverage Community Impact Disaster Relief T Tax Download Tax Policy Learn more 2023 Health for Humanity Report: Tax responsibility Related Topics Our Credo Values Code of Business Conduct Corporate Governance U Universal Health Coverage Download Position on Universal Health Coverage
Innovation at J&J Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Discover J&J /Innovation at J&J Johnson & Johnson Innovation Johnson & Johnson Innovation seeks to positively impact human health through innovation. We do this by helping entrepreneurs realize their dreams of creating healthcare solutions that improve peoples’ lives around the world. We work side-by-side with innovators throughout their journey, providing a robust exchange of ideas and resources to support their success. Discover how we collaborate with external innovators Discover J&J Innovation in action JLABS in photos Where you’ll find JLABS around the world Read more The best in science & tech: Our innovation centers Read more Connect with our JJDC Investor Team Connect Have an idea? Apply for one of our challenges Apply now We aim to build value-creating partnerships with biotech, med tech and health tech startups, entrepreneurs, academics and other partners around the world to change the trajectory of human health. William N. Hait, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Chief External Innovation and Medical Officer We have unprecedented opportunities and challenges in science and medicine that require an unprecedented approach. Joaquin Duato Chief Executive Officer
Suppliers Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search 5500 - J&J Procurement_Suppliers_FINAL_WEB.mp4 Home/Our Company/Suppliers Suppliers Just as we believe that good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress, at Johnson & Johnson we also pride ourselves on fostering healthy supplier relationships that are built on trust, transparency and unparalleled innovation, quality and reliability. Working with our valued partners, we uphold the highest standards for responsible sourcing and corporate citizenship, encouraging our suppliers to embrace new technologies, source innovative solutions and deliver new business models that contribute to our mutual objectives for growth, sustainability and streamlined processes. Expand As we advance our vision of a healthier world for all, we will continue to use our reach and size for good as we pioneer this differentiated, industry-leading procurement approach—one that is innovative, collaborative, ethical, sustainable, diverse and, above all, rooted firmly in Our Credo. Collapse Responsible supply base Learn more Supplier-enabled innovation Learn more Supplier resources Learn more Featured stories Suppliers November 13, 2023 How Johnson & Johnson is helping people displaced by war and conflict restart their lives A Partnership for Good program expands the company’s talent pool in Europe while assisting the mental and financial health of people displaced by conflict. Here’s how this novel initiative helped one young Ukraine War refugee get a foothold. Read more Our Company June 6, 2023 Turning our supplier spend into societal good Johnson & Johnson’s Global Supplier Diversity & Inclusion team is stepping up spending with social enterprises around the world to deepen its impact in local communities. Read more Our Company January 9, 2023 Securing the future of surgery, one staple at a time Faced with the challenge of improving stapling performance for consistent outcomes in challenging tissue, Ethicon drew inspiration from its broad and talented supplier base. Read more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
Responsible supply base Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Suppliers/Responsible supply base Responsible supply base We collaborate with suppliers that not only provide high quality products and services but also share our commitment to social, economic and environmental responsibilities as outlined in our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers. Our Company June 6, 2023 Turning our supplier spend into societal good Johnson & Johnson’s Global Supplier Diversity & Inclusion team is stepping up spending with social enterprises around the world to deepen its impact in local communities. Read more Overview Our suppliers help us fulfill our mission to help transform healthcare with innovative supplier solutions. Learn more Supplier-enabled innovation Learn more Supplier resources Learn more Suppliers Sustainability Leveraging our resources and working with our suppliers to drive environmental improvements. Read more Suppliers October 24, 2023 Supplier diversityand inclusion Increasing the breadth of our supplier base to innovate for our patients and deepen our connection to our communities around the world. Read more Suppliers October 24, 2023 Supplier quality Sourcing from suppliers who meet our responsibility standards. Read more Health for Humanity and ESG 2023 Health for Humanity Report Our extended supply chain comprises more than 38,500 suppliers supporting the development and manufacturing of our products worldwide. Learn more ESG resources As a purpose-driven company, how we deliver enduring impact is embedded in our business strategy through execution of our ESG strategy, which frames our ambitions, informs our operations and creates accountability for our vision of the future. Learn more Additional policies and resources Our Credo The values that guide our decision-making are spelled out in Our Credo. Put simply, Our Credo challenges us to put the needs and well-being of the people we serve first.Robert Wood Johnson, former chairman from 1932 to 1963 and a member of the Company’s founding family, crafted Our Credo himself in 1943, just before Johnson & Johnson became a publicly traded company. This was long before anyone ever heard the term “corporate social responsibility.” Our Credo is more than just a moral compass. We believe it’s a recipe for business success. The fact that Johnson & Johnson is one of only a handful of companies that have flourished through more than a century of change is proof of that. Read more We All Belong: 2023 DEI Impact Review Read more ESG Policies & Positions Read more Position on Responsible Supply Base Read more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
Supplier-enabled innovation Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Suppliers/Supplier-enabled innovation Supplier-enabled innovation Johnson & Johnson has built a strong, resilient supply base by integrating its suppliers as an expansion of our network and capabilities. Our suppliers reflect all facets of the communities we serve. Through our supplier-enabled innovation program, we leverage their diverse and unique expertise to co-create innovative solutions that address unmet needs and reimagine the future of health. Suppliers Our suppliers help us fulfill our mission to help transform healthcare with innovative supplier solutions. Learn more Responsible supply base Learn more Supplier resources Learn more Supply base January 9, 2023 Securing the future of surgery, one staple at a time Faced with the challenge of improving stapling performance for consistent outcomes in challenging tissue, Ethicon drew inspiration from its broad and talented supplier base. Read more Supply base December 16, 2021 At the heart of innovation: How China’s procurement team and AI are helping AFib patients In China, when the need for a highly advanced, nonsurgical treatment for atrial fibrillation (AFib) exceeded the supply of doctors trained in the lifesaving procedure, Johnson & Johnson’s Procurement team asked for a chance to help. Thanks to quick actions and truly disruptive thinking, a new innovation in sourced artificial intelligence (AI) is now responsible for training physicians and, in turn, changing the trajectory of health for AFib patients throughout the country. Read more Innovation October 11, 2021 Curing cancer from within: The promise of cell therapy Harnessing the immune system to target cancer is the goal of a groundbreaking area of oncology research called cell therapy. And Johnson & Johnson is hard at work in the cutting-edge field, aiming to deliver potential new treatment options to people around the world. Learn more Innovation September 1, 2021 How the telehealth trend is revolutionizing medical care as we know it From backing an app that connects Black women to caregivers of color to developing a digital platform that supports surgical recovery, Johnson & Johnson is helping drive the surge of innovation in telemedicine. Learn more Innovation June 30, 2021 3 cutting-edge eye lenses designed to help improve how you see Multifocal contacts based on your pupil size. Intraocular lenses that adapt to our digital world. These are just some of the new Johnson & Johnson advances poised to change the future of vision care. Learn more Innovation October 11, 2021 The next frontier of prostate cancer care Certain gene mutations can dramatically increase the risk of developing aggressive prostate cancer. That’s why Johnson & Johnson is researching a new way to fight the disease—one that involves blocking cancer cells from repairing their own damaged DNA. Learn more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Learn more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Learn more Innovation February 26, 2025 Using your own cells to fight cancer Cell therapy is bringing the world one step closer to eliminating cancer. Here’s how Johnson & Johnson is moving this cutting-edge therapy forward. Learn more
Supplier resources Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Suppliers/Supplier resources Supplier resources Get access to resources for existing suppliers such as invoicing, financing and our supplier standards and expectations. Current suppliers Potential suppliers Your invoices Read more U.S. supplier financing Read more Tier 2 reporting Read more EcoVadis sustainability reporting Read more ARAVO Read more Terms & conditions Read more EMEA supplier financing Read more Responsibility standards for suppliers Read more CDP sustainability reporting Read more Tungsten network Read more MedTech quality exchange Read more When you’ve been invited to be a supplier Read more Suppliers Register your small or diverse business here Read more Suppliers October 24, 2023 Supplier diversity and inclusion Supporting economic inclusion and job creation for underserved populations by partnering with an inclusive and diverse supplier base Learn more Our Credo integrity line Our Credo Integrity Line is an integral component of our strong culture of integrity at Johnson & Johnson. It provides a channel for anyone (including employees, business partners, customers, consumers and others) to report potential violations of the Code of Business Conduct, other company policies or applicable laws and regulations in our countries of operation. Learn more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
Our heritage Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search William Hereford Home/Our Company/Our heritage Our heritage Discover Johnson & Johnson’s long history of healthcare innovation. We believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress. That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life. Learn about our history. Our stories Read behind the scenes details of how we’ve worked to improve the health and lives of people worldwide. Our stories Company timeline Beginning with the 1876 World’s Fair, discover key moments in Johnson & Johnson’s history. View timeline From the archives Learn about our iconic and pioneering products, and see some of our advertisements through the years. Browse the archives Highlights from our history Our heritage September 11, 2015 The legacy of Dr. Paul Janssen: How a “funny idea” helped change the course of modern medicine When the Belgian physician created his research lab in the 1950s, he did it largely on his own. But it didn’t take long for the medical community to realize the then 26-year-old was on to something profound. Over the course of his long and esteemed career, Dr. Paul, as he was known, coined more than 100 patents and developed dozens of life-changing medications. Read more Our heritage February 5, 2019 Edward Mead Johnson, a businessman with a penchant for helping others The brother of Johnson & Johnson cofounders Robert Wood Johnson and James Wood Johnson, Edward Mead Johnson led the company’s sales and marketing division in the 19th century. In 1898, Edward Mead left Johnson & Johnson, taking with him the company’s digestive products line, a business that would eventually become a leading global company in the field of infant and child nutrition. Read more Our heritage August 4, 2022 More than 100 years of championing women’s health Supporting the well-being of people around the world is a tenet that underscores all the work the company does. From must-have educational manuals to cutting-edge contraception, explore how Johnson & Johnson has been advocating for women’s health since the company’s inception more than a century ago. Read more Immerse yourself in our heritage Our heritage May 15, 2024 Our beginning Learn about the early days of Johnson & Johnson. Read more Our heritage July 3, 2023 9 Johnson & Johnson innovations that helped drive medicine forward From a superior way to sterilize surgical products to lifesaving medicine to treat a drug-resistant disease, check out just some of the ways Johnson & Johnson has exemplified innovation—and shared its breakthroughs with the world. Read more Innovation February 9, 2017 9 Johnson & Johnson inventions that changed life as we know it In honor of National Inventors Day, we’re celebrating just a few of the countless innovations the company has pioneered over the years—staples that are now ubiquitous in households and hospitals alike. Read more Our heritage April 28, 2017 From company president to national business leader: the story of Robert Wood Johnson II The son of company founder Robert Wood Johnson rose through the ranks to lead Johnson & Johnson through the transformative decades of the Depression and World War II, cementing the organization’s legacy as an innovative healthcare company that puts people first. Read more Our heritage January 15, 2021 Championing nurses since the 1890s Learn about the early connection between Johnson & Johnson and the evolving nursing profession. Read more Our heritage April 8, 2022 Multilanguage advertising in the early 1900s Shortly after the company was founded in 1886, Johnson & Johnson began creating advertising in multiple languages to better reach doctors, surgeons, employees and the public. Here’s a look at some of these ads, which were translated into 15 languages in the early 1900s. Read more Our heritage March 6, 2020 Windows on the past: The Johnson & Johnson employees who were forever commemorated in stained glass In the 1930s the company commissioned a series of colorful panels to pay homage to men and women who worked at Johnson & Johnson. For Employee Appreciation Day, we tell the story behind the art. Read more Our heritage February 5, 2019 James Wood Johnson: a practical problem solver Learn more about this Johnson & Johnson cofounder. Read more Our heritage February 12, 2020 The charming way Johnson & Johnson showed its love to employees in the 1960s In time for Valentine’s Day, we posed a heartfelt question to Johnson & Johnson’s Chief Historian: What artifact from the archives do you love best? Read more Our heritage February 10, 2020 That’s so presidential! 4 of Johnson & Johnson’s most memorable moments with heads of state In honor of Presidents’ Day, the company’s chief historian shares some stories of special company connections to former U.S. presidents, including the day one leader awarded Johnson & Johnson with a medal for a century’s worth of innovation. Read more Our heritage December 26, 2019 Look for the sign: The unique way Johnson & Johnson helped ring in the New Year in 1915 Spoiler: It was a giant rooftop electric sign that spread holiday cheer to visitors riding the Pennsylvania Railroad through New Brunswick, New Jersey. Read more Our heritage October 6, 2020 Quiz: 10 Fun Facts About BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages The iconic healthcare product is celebrating a big birthday this year: 100! To commemorate the centennial of its invention, we put together a trivia quiz that spans the last 100 years. Plus, learn about a special new partnership with CARE to help those in need. Read more
Johnson & Johnson's quest to develop effective IBD treatments Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Innovation Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Written by Stephanie Booth | March 10, 2025 March 10, 2025 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied Up to 10 million people worldwide live with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), which refers to two chronic conditions that cause inflammation in the digestive tract: ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease. Both diseases cause the immune system to attack the digestive lining, resulting in chronic inflammation that can lead to lasting damage in the gut if left untreated. Getting a diagnosis of IBD can be challenging. Symptoms such as diarrhea, abdominal cramping, bloody stools, fatigue and bowel urgency can be mistaken for having other causes. Because no single test can diagnose the condition, patients typically undergo a battery of tests, including endoscopy, scans, blood tests and tests that look for blood in stool. Besides confirming an IBD diagnosis, these tests help physicians pinpoint the type of IBD a patient has. Despite the difficulty in receiving a diagnosis and the complexity of the disease, people living with IBD have reason to feel hopeful. Johnson & Johnson has long been committed to developing treatments for IBD, including therapies that can suppress the immune system, reduce inflammation and decrease the severity of flare-ups. In the 1990s, the company pioneered the first biologic treatment to manage IBD symptoms. Since then, Johnson & Johnson has continued researching and developing therapies that improve patients’ health. A microscopic view of inflammation of the digestive lining due to Crohn’s disease “We have more treatments available now,” says Esi Lamousé, M.D., Ph.D., Vice President, Gastroenterology Disease Area Lead, Immunology, Johnson & Johnson, “and more are in the pipeline across the industry.”Part of the challenge is that IBD, like all immune-mediated conditions, is a multipathway disease. “Many things combine to trigger and drive inflammation in the gut,” says Dr. Lamousé. While genes may play a part, so does a person’s gut microbiome and environmental factors, such as the foods they eat and their exposure to pollutants.“We still have a way to go to get closer to truly curing IBD,” says Dr. Lamousé. “But the spectacular pace of drug development and deeper knowledge of the disease promise that we’ll continue to build on the IBD therapies we’ve already developed.”That promise wouldn’t be possible without the doctors who first identified IBD more than a century ago, as well as the researchers who laid the groundwork for a clearer understanding of the disease and how to approach treatment. Here’s a look at 11 important milestones, plus what the company currently has in development. 1793 A pioneering doctor published the first description of IBD Scottish physician Matthew Baillie published a medical book, Morbid Anatomy of Some of the Most Important Parts of the Human Body, that contains the first report of a mysterious bowel disease consistent with a diagnosis of IBD. 1859-1875 Ulcerative colitis was named The term “ulcerative colitis” (UC) was coined by English doctor Samuel Wilks after he encountered a patient with a unique noninfectious gastrointestinal condition. Another 16 years passed before UC was accepted as a distinct disease, though the medical establishment is unsure of its cause. Some physicians attributed it to intestinal tuberculosis. Others believed it to psychosomatic. 1902 Early UC treatment included “irrigating” the colon with disinfectant Though doctors had seen more cases of UC, an understanding of the disease and its treatment was in its infancy. In 1902, physicians attempted to relieve symptoms with a surgical procedure that allowed for the “irrigation” of the colon with potassium permanganate, a chemical compound that can be used as a disinfectant. Crohn’s disease can impact any part of the digestive tract, including the stomach. 1932 Crohn’s disease was identified Working with two other researchers at Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York City, Burrill Crohn, M.D., published a medical paper describing a new disease entity—which later was named after him.UC and Crohn’s disease were now considered two separate conditions to be known collectively as IBD. While a cause was still in question, Dr. Crohn and his colleagues debunk the intestinal tuberculosis theory. 1938 Doctors had an effective medication Controlled trials showed that a medication already in use to treat rheumatoid arthritis—like IBD, also an immune-mediated condition—brought about remission in 50 to 75% of patients with active UC. Patients given the drug were found to be five times less likely than untreated patients to relapse. At first, doctors didn’t understand why this medication was helpful. Over time, they realized that one of its main ingredients reduces inflammation in the mucus lining of the gut, advancing the idea that IBD was an autoimmune disorder. The medication became a standard way to relieve mild to moderate UC, though it was not as effective at healing the deep layers of inflammation caused by Crohn’s disease. Steroids were administered through an IV as a treatment for IBD. 1950s Steroids were introduced as an IBD therapy With the only approved treatment not effective for everyone with IBD, “doctors ended up relying a lot on steroids, an anti-inflammatory medication, to try to quiet the disease and get people into remission,” says Dr. Lamousé. “Administering steroids via an IV helped control flareups, but side effects of steroids became a risk.” When taken long-term, corticosteroids can lead to conditions like high blood pressure, diabetes, glaucoma and osteoporosis. 1990s Medications that “switch off” the immune system were discovered An organ transplant medication, followed by long-term use of another powerful immune system suppressant, became a new way to treat UC. These drugs worked by blocking cytokines, a group of proteins that power the immune system. By blocking cytokines, the immune system is switched off, preventing inflammation. Researchers also hit upon an important discovery. In people with IBD, cytokines often use two different pathways, known as TNF (tumor necrosis factor) and IL-23 (interleukin-23), to activate the immune system. Would people with IBD get relief if one or both pathways could be shut down? IBD drug development suddenly has a promising new direction to go in. 1998-1999 A Johnson & Johnson biologic changed the paradigm A Johnson & Johnson biologic became the first anti-TNF antibody approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat Crohn’s disease in the U.S. It’s approved for use against Crohn’s in the EU one year later. Initially used for rheumatoid arthritis, this therapy becomes a game changer in managing Crohn’s disease and eventually UC. “When an IBD patient responds to a treatment, we’re looking for resolution of symptoms like blood in their stool, abdominal pain and fatigue,” says Dr. Lamousé. “We also look through the camera during a colonoscopy to see that the surface of their intestine looks normal and to take a biopsy of the tissue so we can confirm that their gut lining no longer has inflammatory cells. This is how we define remission, and when anti-TNF antibody was introduced, we achieved remission at rates that you couldn’t achieve before.“Still, people with IBD don’t maintain remission with a single agent like a TNF,” notes Dr. Lamousé. “Over time, they stop responding to it.” Company researchers continued looking for longer-lasting solutions. Illustration of colonic epithelial cells, which line the inner surface of the colon and impact digestive health and immune function. 2016 The company launched an anti-inflammatory drug Johnson & Johnson developed another therapy that relieves IBD by stopping inflammation in the gut. Instead of focusing on the TNF pathway, it focuses on IL-23 as well as IL-12, another protein that is involved in inflammatory and immune responses. “This advancement for IBD was truly exciting,” says Dr. Lamousé. “Finally, people who start to lose response to TNF have another option.” 2022 Clinical trials for Johnson & Johnson’s novel combination therapy showed promise Johnson & Johnson researchers began investigating combination therapy, the use of two different medications at once, to improve IBD outcomes. Patients with moderate to severe UC were treated with a rheumatoid arthritis treatment, which works on the TNF pathway, as well as an IL-23 medication. 2024 Johnson & Johnson’s latest therapy gained FDA approval for moderate to severe UC Johnson & Johnson launched a newly FDA-approved treatment for moderately to severely active UC, known as a dual-acting monoclonal antibody. A clinical trial found that people treated with this latest therapy showed significant improvement in their symptoms. A significant proportion of patients also had evidence of healing in their intestines as determined by colonoscopy and histology. The quest to find even more effective IBD treatments is ongoing. 2025 Johnson & Johnson continues to pursue innovative treatment approaches Company researchers are looking into even more groundbreaking treatment approaches. One involves the field of mucosal immunology, which focuses on immune system responses that take place in the mucosal lining of the intestines. The hope is that this specialized immunology may hold the key to even more effective IBD therapies.Researchers are also delving deeper into combination therapy, says Dr. Lamousé. “Can you combine two different pathways together in one single drug? And are there creative ways to develop the combinations? An exciting treatment possibility involves multispecific antibodies, which are engineered to bind to more than one protein at a time.“We’re trying to raise the efficacy bar even higher for patients who would otherwise not have any other options or would still be suffering, even though they’re on the best therapy available,” says Dr. Lamousé. “We have good tools in our toolbox already, but these combinations are the future.” Immunology J&J Innovative Medicine Inflammatory bowel disease Living with IBD? Find out more about clinical trials. Learn more about Janssen clinical trials for IBD. Go here More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more Innovation February 26, 2025 Using your own cells to fight cancer Cell therapy is bringing the world one step closer to eliminating cancer. Here’s how Johnson & Johnson is moving this cutting-edge therapy forward. Read more
Using your own cells to fight cancer Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/Using your own cells to fight cancer Innovation Using your own cells to fight cancer Cell therapy is bringing the world one step closer to eliminating cancer. Here’s how Johnson & Johnson is moving this cutting-edge therapy forward. Written by Anne Wright | February 26, 2025 February 26, 2025 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied Cell therapy, a treatment that uses a patient’s own immune cells or the immune cells from another person to fight disease, has revolutionized options for patients with difficult-to-treat cancers. Johnson & Johnson has been changing the trajectory of this innovative form of personalized medicine and has led pharmaceuticals within multiple myeloma treatments for more than 20 years. The company currently has one cell therapy treatment for blood cancer on the market and a robust pipeline of diverse cell therapies to treat various cancers in development. It’s an exciting time for scientists and researchers, who hope that harnessing the power of the immune system can dramatically improve outcomes for people diagnosed with cancer. “The capabilities it takes to get these therapies to market because of the infrastructure required around manufacturing, development and commercialization is significant,” says Rebecca Poehnelt, Vice President for Global Lymphoma, Leukemia and Cell Therapy Commercial Strategy, Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine. “Johnson & Johnson is unique because we have the proven capabilities, experience and resources to do it.”Here’s a closer look at the cell therapies Johnson & Johnson is innovating and the cancers they target, plus how the company is making sure these lifesaving treatments reach patients in need around the world.Fulfilling the promise of CAR-T Put simply, cell therapy is the transfer of intact, live cells into a patient to help fight disease. Since 2017, Johnson & Johnson has focused on the development of a type of cell therapy called chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy, known as CAR-T.CAR-T therapy involves collecting a patient’s T cells (a type of immune-system cell) at a treatment site (such as a hospital), transporting the cells to a manufacturing site, reprogramming the genetic material of the T cells so they recognize and target the cancer, transporting the cells back to the treatment site and infusing the modified cells into the patient to attack the cancer cells. “These engineered T cells can surveil and traffic all over the body to identify the cancer wherever it may be and kill the cancerous cells,” says Molly Perkins, Vice President, Head of Cell and Genetic Medicines Discovery at Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine. An illustration of the CAR-T process: A patient’s T cells (in blue) are reprogrammed so they can recognize and target cancer. Another advantage of cell therapy: T cells can persist, so they can keep killing new cancer cells that arise—which means a patient could potentially stay disease-free for a longer period. In 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Johnson & Johnson’s first CAR-T cell therapy treatment to treat multiple myeloma, or cancer of the bone marrow, in patients for whom other treatments have proven unsuccessful. An estimated 36,000 people in the U.S. will be diagnosed with multiple myeloma in 2024, and more than 12,500 Americans will die of the disease. “Multiple myeloma patients have an extraordinary response to CAR-T cell therapy,” says Perkins. “After a single infusion of these cells, the cells can then persist—we call it a living drug—and keep going until they find and kill the cancer cells.” Among the other CAR-T therapies currently in development at Johnson & Johnson are treatments that would treat patients with relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). Johnson & Johnson researchers are evaluating cell therapy as a treatment for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is the most common type of NHL. This cell therapy engineers cells to recognize and attack targets found on the surface of these cancer cells. More than 18,000 people are diagnosed with DLBCL each year in the U.S., and between 30% to 40% can relapse or eventually become resistant to first-line treatment and require additional treatment options. The complexity of accessing and delivering cell therapy As revolutionary as cell therapy is, getting it to patients requires working through the logistical complexities. “A patient’s cells are removed at the treatment site, shipped out for manufacturing and then transported back to the original treatment facility where the engineered cells are infused into the patient,” says Perkins.“Because cells extracted from patients must be delivered to the treatment facilities and back to the patients within a limited time frame, transportation considerations are very important,” says Dominique De Jaeger, Vice President, CAR-T Global Supply Chain, Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine. “Our facilities need to be within easy reach of very good air and road transportation.”Once patient cells reach a manufacturing facility, the next step of the highly individualized manufacturing process begins. “This is a truly personalized supply chain that requires us to protect and control the chain of identity and chain of custody of each patient’s cells throughout the entire process,” says De Jaeger. Improving the availability of CAR-T therapies by increasing manufacturing capacity is a company priority. Getting cell therapy to patients Johnson & Johnson is driven by a strong sense of urgency to broaden access to cell therapy for patients around the globe. The company’s commitment to innovation and collaboration to simplify processes fuels efforts to ensure more patients can benefit from these transformative treatments as quickly and responsibly as possible.Bringing CAR-T to a larger global market is also a priority. “In addition to being available in the U.S., we have launched our cell therapy to treat patients with blood cancer in Germany, Austria, Brazil, Switzerland and the UK,” says Poehnelt. “We are proud to have treated over 5,000 patients globally with this treatment and are working to accelerate the launch in additional markets around the world, with plans to expand in the next 12 to 18 months.”Improving the availability of CAR-T therapies in the community setting is a topic that Johnson & Johnson cares deeply about. “We know that many patients with multiple myeloma could potentially benefit from cell therapy, but they may not live close to a large academic medical center with expertise in administering these treatments,” says Poehnelt.In addition to its in-house capabilities, Johnson & Johnson is further growing its manufacturing footprint by partnering with other manufacturing organizations. “We have already more than quadrupled our manufacturing capacity since we launched and are on track to significantly expand our patient reach around the world in the coming years,” says De Jaeger. Our goal with blood cancers is to turn incurable diseases into curable diseases. Rebecca Poehnelt Vice President for Global Lymphoma, Leukemia and Cell Therapy Commercial Strategy, Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine The future of cell therapy Johnson & Johnson’s ongoing innovation in cell therapy plays a critical role in helping to transform outcomes for patients with blood cancers like multiple myeloma. “Cell therapy is among the most efficacious platforms in blood cancers,” says Poehnelt. “Our goal with blood cancers is to turn incurable diseases into curable diseases.”In the future, cell therapy may have the potential to take on a more expanded role. “Right now, all of our products in the clinical development and commercial stage are for hematologic malignancies,” says Perkins. “But there is commitment to make CAR-T cells work for solid tumors and be able to treat patients with cancer who right now don’t have good cell therapy options.”Johnson & Johnson is one of a few companies that can point to several examples of industry-leading excellence in its cell therapy pipeline and on-market portfolio, where it is poised to advance the next generation of cancer care.The possibilities are energizing the company’s scientists and researchers, who are inspired by the idea of using cell therapy to tackle diseases beyond the blood cancer space. Ultimately, the goal is to create a world where chronic or incurable conditions can be treated or cured with a single treatment—one that patients all over the world will be able to access. CAR-T cell therapy J&J Innovative Medicine Oncology Learn more about new findings on a potential cancer treatment from Johnson & Johnson See how researchers are developing preventive approaches for early detection, creating new therapies and surgical devices and more. Learn more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
The future of immunology Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/The future of immunology Innovation The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Written by Barbara Brody | March 3, 2025 March 3, 2025 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied Protecting from invaders and surveilling for other threats is a big job—and it’s what your immune system, your body’s very own built-in defense mechanism, does every day. When you catch a cold or other viral infection, for instance, your immune system mounts a response that mobilizes killer T cells and triggers the release of antibodies, which identify the virus as harmful and destroy it. Mission accomplished. Your immune system then quiets back down and you feel better.If you have an autoimmune condition, however, that’s not what happens.Instead, your immune system mistakenly treats your body’s normal tissue as an invader and attacks it, which causes chronic inflammation. Research published in The Lancet in 2023 suggests one in 10 people around the world live with an autoimmune disease, an umbrella term that pertains to over 100 conditions, including well-known ailments like rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and ulcerative colitis, as well as many lesser-known ones such as Sjogren’s disease and myasthenia gravis. The impact varies by disease, but patients typically develop symptoms that can be painful and debilitating and take a significant toll on quality of life. Johnson & Johnson has a long history of innovating to help advance treatments for autoimmune diseases. With the introduction of anti-TNF (or tumor necrosis factor) therapies 25 years ago, the company pioneered a revolution that helped define a new standard of care. Since then, Johnson & Johnson has distinguished itself by consistently redefining that standard of care—focusing on diseases where there remains a significant unmet need.Patient need is the key. Despite these decades of advancements, fewer than 10% of people with an autoimmune disease are able to reach durable remission even on advanced therapies. Some don’t benefit from current therapies at all, while a sizable subset respond at first, but then ultimately relapse. That’s why scientists at Johnson & Johnson are continuing to develop and refine new options aimed at getting more patients into remission and keeping them there.“The ultimate goal is restoring health for all patients with autoimmune diseases,” says David M. Lee, M.D., Ph.D., Global Immunology Therapeutic Area Head for Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine. “You could say that’s audacious, but we’re well on the journey toward reaching that goal.” Here’s how.By focusing on the underlying immune pathways that cause disease Johnson & Johnson’s pathway approach to developing new medicines, in combination with deep knowledge relating to specific diseases, enables the company to impact many diseases with a single therapy.Take, for example, psoriasis and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD)—two very different conditions. Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory condition that primarily impacts the skin; in IBD, the inflammation and disease are concentrated in the digestive tract. But scientists know that a specific inflammatory cytokine (protein) called interleukin-23 (IL-23) plays a significant role in both conditions.“Several of our therapies have shown success in selectively targeting this cytokine, and we have set a high bar of assessing clinical and tissue level remission in our clinical trials,” says Dr. Lee.“Through this pathway approach, we’re advancing treatments that can help provide meaningful improvements in rates of remission across several disease areas, including psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease,” says Candice Long, Worldwide Vice President for the Immunology Therapeutic Area, Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine.“While the currently available biologic drugs that block IL-23 are effective for many patients, fewer than 30% of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis patients who are eligible for these medications opt to take them,” says Dr. Lee.Why?“Many aren’t comfortable using a biologic therapy because they dislike injections or have a perceived risk of intravenous and injectable treatments,” says Long. Work is underway to develop treatment options in the convenience of a pill.The IL-23 pathway is a pathogenic driver in diseases like psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and IBD. Psoriasis is an immune-mediated disease well known for causing scaly plaques, which can be itchy and painful and also take a major toll on self-esteem and overall quality of life. What’s more, this condition causes inflammation throughout the body, and patients have higher rates of serious medical complications like heart attacks and strokes. A substantial number of psoriasis patients also develop psoriatic arthritis, which causes joint pain and deformities if untreated.“We are committed to helping redefine the standard of care and address the unmet needs and preferences of many patients living with plaque psoriasis,” explains Long, citing findings that were recently published in The New England Journal of Medicine. By testing a new combination drug for ulcerative colitis patients People with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis are often given biologics that target a different inflammatory cytokine than IL-23 called tumor necrosis factor (TNF). The problem: Up to 30% will not respond to these medications, and another 23 to 46% will initially respond, only to have the drug stop working. A similar number of these patients try and fail with biologics that focus on IL-23.“Now, a brand new co-antibody therapy is being developed to target TNF as well as IL-23,” says Dr. Lee. With single-agent drugs, many patients experience a plateau effect, but combination therapy has the potential to break through the “therapeutic ceiling,” so patients stay well, adds Dr. Lee. “Our deep disease expertise and experience uniquely position us to identify effective combinations. Our goal is to reach patients who aren’t achieving remission—including a large population of individuals who have experienced inadequate results from advanced therapies.”By controlling allo- and autoantibodies to treat a range of diseases The most common antibody is immunoglobulin G (IgG) and the body uses it to fight off invaders such as bacterial and viral infections. If you contract COVID-19, the flu or any other contagious ailment, for instance, your body will start making IgG about 24 to 48 hours later. But if you have an autoantibody disease—a subset of autoimmune diseases—your body produces pathogenic IgGs, also known as autoantibodies, that attack its own critical organs and tissues; in pregnant individuals, maternal alloantibodies can attack the organs and tissues of the fetus.With nearly 240 million people worldwide suffering from severe autoantibody diseases, including several rare conditions that lack adequate or in some cases any advanced treatment options, Johnson & Johnson is leading research for potential treatments in three key segments. These include rare autoantibody diseases like myasthenia gravis, which affects the neuromuscular junction; maternal-fetal immune disorders mediated by maternal alloantibodies like hemolytic disease of the fetus and newborn, a condition which occurs when the blood types of a pregnant individual and the fetus are incompatible; and rheumatic diseases like Sjogren’s disease, in which the immune system attacks the moisture-secreting glands and mucous membranes, resulting in dryness wherever the body naturally self-lubricates, such as the mouth and eyes.“We are just at the beginning of this journey,” explains Dr. Lee. “We have a relentless dissatisfaction with treatment options that fall short of durable remission, and we know that millions of patients are waiting for scientific advancements. That’s an opportunity and responsibility that motivates our team every day.” J&J Innovative Medicine Immunology Do you have an autoimmune disease? Participating in a clinical trial can help scientists better understand how to treat autoimmune diseases. Learn more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more Innovation February 26, 2025 Using your own cells to fight cancer Cell therapy is bringing the world one step closer to eliminating cancer. Here’s how Johnson & Johnson is moving this cutting-edge therapy forward. Read more
Meet The Medical Engineer Behind The Impella Heart Pump Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/Meet the medical engineer behind the innovative heart pump that revolutionized cardiac health Innovation Meet the medical engineer behind the innovative heart pump that revolutionized cardiac health Drawing on his fascination with airplane technology, Thorsten Siess, Ph.D., came up with an idea that became the Impella heart pump. Now, 25 years since it entered the market, this groundbreaking device has helped more than 330,000 patients recover from heart injuries. Written by Brooke Porter Katz | October 24, 2024 October 24, 2024 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied Thorsten Siess’ lightbulb moment came when he was a 25-year-old doctoral student in mechanical engineering.“I was taking a class that covered both technology and medicine, and I learned about a new medical device called the Hemopump,” Siess recalls. “It was the first-ever catheter-based blood pump, manufactured by Johnson & Johnson.” The pump helped treat patients who had suffered a heart attack by drawing blood from the left ventricle into the aorta, which allowed the weakened heart to rest and recover without interrupting blood flow through the body.As innovative as the Hemopump was then, Siess realized there was room for improvement. “The Hemopump had an external electric motor with a high-speed drive cable connected to the pump head, which was implanted inside the ventricle,” he explains. The motor was large and could overheat, and the high-speed drive cable being bent inside the patient´s vasculature could lead to fractures, which would cause the pump to stop working. Siess testing the Impella heart pump Drawing on his interest in airplanes and aerospace technology, Siess realized a miniature electric motor that connects to the mini turbine-like pump eliminated the need for a high-speed drive cable altogether. The advances on the mini turbine pump helped to reduce the size and increase efficiency, so that the future Impella pumps would be able to provide the same pump flow as the Hemopump at half the size. “A turbine pump is small in size and has the highest known energy density, meaning it can pump the most blood at the smallest size,” he says.Collaborating with other doctoral students at his university, Siess conducted more preclinical research on improving the Hemopump’s design. With support from his medical technology professor and research grants, he invented a prototype of a new heart pump, which was named Impella.In 1997, five years after conducting university-based research, Siess took the leap to manufacture the Impella and bring it to market. He cofounded Impella Cardiotechnik, GmbH, in 1997 in Germany, his native country, serving as the R&D manager and chief technology officer. Since then, more than 330,000 people worldwide have been treated with the Impella platform, which now includes the Impella 5.5, CP and RP heart pumps, as well as SmartAssist technology that provides real-time metrics and assistance to healthcare professionals using Impella.What makes the Impella so groundbreaking is not only its small size, turbine-like pump head and its directly connected miniaturized electric motor, but that it can be inserted via a catheter without having to cut open a patient’s sternum and ribs, which was the conventional protocol for implanting heart pumps. The Impella, because of its small size, is also placed within the heart. This allows the heart to rest and recover. In addition, every Impella pump is equipped with the smallest available pressure sensor technologies built into the pump head. This allows doctors obtain real-time heart data while being on pump support and it provides guidance to better treatment with improved outcomes for patients.In 2005, Siess’ company was bought by Abiomed, which in turn was acquired by Johnson & Johnson in 2022—bringing Siess’ work full circle back to the company that created the Hemopump. Today, he’s Executive Vice President, Managing Director and Chief Technology Officer at Abiomed.Here, Siess shares how he went from a first-generation college student set on pursuing a career in the aerospace industry to the inventor of a cardio device that’s helped restore heart health to hundreds of thousands of patients. Q: How did you discover your calling as a scientist innovating in medical technology? A: I grew up in Germany in a refugee family and I wanted to go to university and major in aerospace engineering because I always enjoyed airplanes. I ended up getting drafted into the military and realized airplanes weren’t my calling. So I studied general mechanical engineering, which allowed me to explore more medical and tech-heavy topics. My interest grew from there. Q: Once you created the Impella, what challenges did you face getting it off the ground? A: A critical part of any product is commercialization. Impella launched in Aachen, Germany, with three employees, and we had high hopes for what we could accomplish. But the problem is, medtech development takes much longer than you think, and you’re likely to run out of money.That’s basically what happened to us when the dot-com bubble burst in the late 1990s. Luckily, we were bought by Abiomed, a company that focused on heart recovery. The company shared the same vision as we did, and I feel lucky that we were acquired. Q: What science or health research breakthroughs do you hope to see in your lifetime? A: Dirk Michels and Thorsten at the 25 year anniversary of Heart Recovery, August 2024 My biggest hope at Johnson & Johnson is to one day use Impella along with a pharmacological approach to heart failure. Patients with advanced heart failure refractory don’t currently have a strong treatment option. For now, the best we do is heart replacement therapy.In the future, my hope is to provide a combination therapy using Impella to help revert the heart muscle to its normal size, along with complementary drug therapies that can help heart muscle tissues function better. Ideally, this would allow the damaged heart to restructure and thus restore normal functioning. Q: What are your interests outside of your work? A: I’ve always been a passionate photographer and enjoy taking portraits of people. I love classic cars; growing up, my dad ran a car shop. My oldest cars are a 1971 Alfa Romeo Giulia and a 1985 Chevy Blazer.As an engineer, I also find myself drawn to rebuilding things. I’ve been renovating a barn on my property. Inside the barn was a big arch door, and I wanted to redo it with a stainless steel frame. Everybody I spoke to told me it couldn’t be done. The stubborn part of me said, “It can be, and I’ll prove it to you.” With hindsight, I regret it because I had to spend four months on my knees, but the door is in and it’s beautiful. Q: How do you start your day? A: I start with 30 minutes of exercise, then I do the most important thing: have coffee with my wife. I love having this moment to connect with her, as I may not see her for the rest of the day. Q: What’s the best career or life advice you’ve ever received? A: Stay curious and don’t be afraid of tapping into the unknown. Be willing to learn about different fields, because it’s at the connecting points between fields where innovation takes place. Also, a good, functioning team will always outperform a strong individual. Johnson & Johnson MedTech Heart health Diagnosed with heart failure? Learn more about a treatment option. Go here More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
Getting in front of cancer Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/Getting in front of cancer Innovation Getting in front of cancer Every year, roughly 2 million people in the U.S. are newly diagnosed with cancer. But a number of scientific breakthroughs—including ones made at Johnson & Johnson—have dramatically changed what kind of prognosis many of these patients will have. Written by Meghan Rabbitt | June 25, 2024 June 25, 2024 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied As a medical oncologist who has stood at the bedside of countless patients, Jeffrey Infante, M.D., Global Head of Early Clinical and Translational Research, Oncology at Johnson & Johnson, has seen firsthand the immense toll a cancer diagnosis can take. There’s the terror of an initial diagnosis. The calendar newly packed with doctor visits. The endless blood draws. The often-grueling treatments.In recent years, however, he’s noticed something else. Some patients with an incurable disease—cancer that has spread to multiple organs was a death sentence just a few years ago—are not only still alive, but they’re thriving, thanks to transformational new treatments. “I get cards and texts from these patients, and my jaw still drops when I think about how well those novel treatments worked,” says Dr. Infante, who has spent the last 20 years working in oncology innovation.Today, such cancer treatments and the pace at which they’re being discovered are prompting many to share Dr. Infante’s awe and excitement. Although “there are still a lot of pockets in oncology where the innovation has been slower and there’s a lot of unmet need,” he says, cancer treatments have come so far that some patients feel more like they’re living with a chronic disease that can be managed with medication rather than a life-threatening illness.Johnson & Johnson, driven by a vision to eliminate cancer, is playing a major role in transforming what it means to be diagnosed with the disease, most notably, hematologic malignancies (including multiple myeloma, B-cell lymphoma and leukemia), lung cancer, prostate and bladder cancer.We sat down with Dr. Infante to learn more about Johnson & Johnson’s work developing novel cancer treatments and to get his perspective on what it now means when a patient is told, “You’ve got cancer.” Q: Have the advancements in cancer research and the pace at which they’re happening surprised you? A: Yes and no. There are areas where there’s been tremendous impact on new therapies that directly affect patients—not only their overall ability to live, but their quality of life. Many patients who once would’ve been told, “There’s no chance for a cure,” now have the chance of a curative approach—or at least a very long-term remission.There is nothing that makes me happier than hearing from patients who had no hope, but then went on a clinical trial and had dramatic results. Q: Is there anything you’re working on now that would’ve seemed implausible 20 years ago? A: I was in medical school from 1995 to 1999, and some of the treatments that we had then almost feel barbaric compared to what we’re doing today. One example is CAR-T cell therapy. Twenty years ago, I would never have imagined we would have the ability to remove a patient’s infection-fighting cells, manipulate those cells and then reinfuse them back into the patient so that they can selectively target their cancer. That type of innovative technology seemed so far-fetched when I was in medical school. As someone who’s spent their career looking for new ways of finding paradigm-changing therapies, it’s an exciting time. Jeffrey Infante, M.D. Global Head of Early Clinical and Translational Research, Oncology at Johnson & Johnson Multiple myeloma treatment is a great example of just how far we’ve come. When I was in training, all we had was standard chemotherapy—and it worked. But while the high-dose chemo typically would work for a while, the cancer usually found a way around it very quickly. Then the field moved toward stem cell transplants, where a patient’s bone marrow is removed (harvested) prior to receiving extremely high-intensity chemotherapy that would not normally be tolerable. The harvested cells would then be reinfused back into the patient, where the normal bone marrow would recover over time. The whole process of harvesting cells, extensive chemotherapy, the re-infusion of normal cells and waiting for blood count recovery often required multiple weeks in the hospital while the patient remained neutropenic with very high risk of infection. Though these types of procedures often provided longer-term responses and remissions and are still a main part of today’s treatment paradigm, unfortunately they are not usually curative.What I love about medicine is that innovation keeps coming up with new and creative ways of going after this disease. A plethora of new medicines have been approved in the last 15 years, bringing a variety of treatment options to patients, including multi-drug regimens that can help control a patient’s disease and preserve quality of life. Today, we don’t know all the benefits of these novel treatments but many patients are living with multiple myeloma for well over a decade. We have medications to keep the cancer under control—and even better, many of the medications are more tolerable. These patients don’t necessarily have to be hospitalized or at their doctor’s office all the time, and they can live relatively normal lives for many, many years. That’s a big deal. Q: When it comes to cancer treatment, we’re increasingly hearing about immunotherapy. Can you talk about how these therapies work? A: Some of the biggest changes I’ve seen in oncology have been advances in immune therapies. CAR-T is a good example. A few others include: Immune checkpoint inhibitors, which reverse cancer’s suppression of the immune system and unleash it to attack cancer cells. The newer checkpoint inhibitors that are now used in melanoma and kidney cancer have completely changed the treatment paradigm, even in patients who have metastatic lesions in multiple parts of the body. We’re seeing remarkable remissions with these drugs; patients are 10 years or more past their initial diagnosis. We’re also seeing checkpoint inhibitors working in some other tumor types that haven’t traditionally been quite as sensitive to immune therapies, such as in certain lung cancers, gynecologic cancers, head and neck cancer and other skin cancers, which has had a dramatic impact on how we treat these diseases.CD3+ bispecific T-cell engagers (TCE) involve redirecting and activating a patient’s infection-fighting cells to target the cancer. Though this sounds similar to CAR-T, CAR-T requires an individualized approach that takes many weeks, with harvesting a patient’s infection-fighting cells, a manufacturing process and a preparative chemotherapy regimen followed by reinfusion. Bispecific T-cell redirectors are like normal antibodies that have two arms: one that is designed to target the cancer and one that is designed to bind and activate a patient’s infection-fighting cells. How it works sounds almost unbelievable: These molecules target the cancer and activate your body’s own infection-fighting cells right at the site of the cancer. Q: If we were talking 10 years from now, what would you be most excited to share with me? A: I hope we see exponential innovation. I feel like we’ve been doing incrementally better, but I’d love to accelerate our pace even more—that we get twice as good, then three times as good, then four times as good at finding new treatments. And I hope it extends into more disease areas because unmet need remains in a lot of different tumor types.For instance, the Cancer Moonshot initiative, which aims to cut the cancer death rate by 50% in the next 25 years, is a pretty lofty goal. But all the progress we’ve made—things I could never have imagined when I was in med school—makes me think the Moonshot is possible. Whether we reach the goal or not, the aim is great. You have to set your expectations high or you’re never going to get there.As someone who’s spent their career looking for new ways of finding paradigm-changing therapies, it’s an exciting time. But progress is still not happening fast enough. Q: How does your experience as a medical oncologist treating patients inform and inspire your work? A: Every decision I make is grounded in my experience at the bedside. I vividly remember everything these patients and their families are going through when they see their doctors and participate in our studies with novel treatments. There is no doubt that experience guides us in our search for the next generation of treatments and helps us design the best clinical trials to test them.Some of my most memorable moments are of patients who were told there was no hope in treating their cancer and they enrolled in a clinical trial and had dramatic and long-lasting results. But I’ve also held the hand of many more patients and said, “I’m sorry, we have nothing else to help you.” Those are painful moments, but they’re part of what fuels all of us to keep pushing until we find a cure for all types of cancer. J&J Innovative Medicine Oncology Learn more about new findings on a potential cancer treatment from Johnson & Johnson See how researchers are developing preventive approaches for early detection, creating new therapies and surgical devices and more. Learn more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
Are Personalized Solutions the Future of Healthcare? Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/Are super-personalized solutions the future of healthcare? Innovation Are super-personalized solutions the future of healthcare? The goal of precision medicine is to develop individualized treatments based on a patient’s genetic profile. Here’s how Johnson & Johnson is harnessing this cutting-edge field of tailor-made medicine. Written by Barbara Brody | September 14, 2023 September 14, 2023 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied The traditional way to treat disease is by using a one-size-fits-all approach: A person is diagnosed with a condition or illness, and doctors attempt to cure it or ease symptoms by administering the same therapies given to other patients who share the diagnosis. Many will respond well and get better—but some will not respond to the approach.“Historically, drugs have been given to a broad population of patients for whom they are approved,” explains Troy Sarich, Ph.D., Chief Commercial Data Science Officer, the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson. “However, increasingly, drugs are designed to work only if you express a certain genetic variant or biomarker.” That’s why teams across Johnson & Johnson are accelerating change toward this new paradigm with a focus on innovative treatments in the emerging field of precision medicine. Precision medicine relies on identifying individual patient characteristics, such as a patient’s genetic profile, to be included in clinical trials of therapies and treatments. If these treatments or therapies are then approved, they can be quickly and properly adopted in healthcare systems around the world. The goal is to treat patients with greater precision—and greater success.Today, the company is also acting as a catalyst in the precision medicine space, taking on the role of partner, collaborator and educator to change the approach when it comes to testing and access for patients.While cutting-edge, the idea behind precision medicine isn’t brand new; anyone who has ever received a transfusion based on their blood type has benefited from it. But thanks to numerous advances in genetics, including the completion of the Human Genome Project in 2003, precision medicine and its capabilities have grown exponentially in recent years. Much of the precision medicine research happening today centers on targeted therapies, which work by homing in on a specific target—often a genetic variation—that only a select subset of patients carries. It’s an exciting step forward for healthcare. Much of the precision medicine research happening today centers on targeted therapies, which work by homing in on a specific target—often a genetic variation—that only a select subset of patients carries. It’s an exciting step forward for healthcare. Up until recently, scientists were unable to create targeted therapies because the science and technology needed to do so weren’t there yet.“Precision medicine is about patients having access to the right test at the right time to get the right treatment and increase the chance for the best outcome,” says Sarich.Here’s how the company is working to deliver targeted treatments to the patients who will benefit most from them—and what this means for the future of medicine. Developing treatments tailored to patients Johnson & Johnson delivered the first targeted therapy in advanced and/or metastatic urothelial carcinoma in 2019 with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of a treatment that had previously received FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation. The company has since deepened its dedication to precision medicine and is currently working to bring a wide variety of new advances to patients. Company scientists are using precision medicine technology to develop and refine novel treatments for diseases for other areas in oncology and of the cardiovascular system, immune system and neurological system, as well as for pulmonary hypertension, infectious diseases and more.In 2021, a medicine from Johnson & Johnson became the first targeted therapy approved by the FDA for advanced non-small cell lung cancer in patients with a specific genetic mutation.In Europe, a company therapeutic was approved by the European Commission in April 2023 for use as a first-line targeted treatment for prostate cancer patients who carry a certain mutation and for whom chemotherapy is not clinically indicated. The therapeutic has since received FDA approval in the U.S. as well. It’s not enough to launch a new treatment; it is equally crucial to ensure that diagnostic tests, which may reveal whether a patient is likely to respond to a targeted therapy, already exist or are available to patients at the same time. A different type of precision medicine therapy is currently in Phase 3 clinical trials for people with a rare but devastating form of retinal disease, X-linked retinitis pigmentosa (XLRP). “It’s caused by an inherited defect in one gene, RPGR, and it leads to vision problems in adolescence and complete loss of sight by midlife,” says James List, M.D., Ph.D., Global Therapeutic Area Head, Cardiovascular, Metabolism, Retina & Pulmonary Hypertension, Janssen Research & Development, LLC. As it is inherited, the disease can run in families. It mostly occurs in males because the RPGR gene is located on the X chromosome, and males only have one copy. Scientists have determined how to give an extra working copy of the gene to people with XLRP. The hope is that this new copy will restore function and preserve vision. Working to ensure patients don’t miss out on treatments that may help them Because each targeted therapy is designed for a select group of patients, it’s not enough to simply launch a new treatment. It is equally crucial to ensure that diagnostic tests, which may reveal whether a patient is likely to respond to that therapy, already exist or are available to patients at the same time.That’s where Flora Berisha, Global Head of Diagnostics Partnering & Development, Precision Medicine at Janssen Pharmaceuticals, and her team come in. Johnson & Johnson doesn’t develop diagnostic tests in-house but rather partners with diagnostic companies that create these tests. Recently, the company has entered into strategic agreements with two global diagnostic companies, Roche and Illumina, to collaborate from development to commercial global availability—with a goal of improving patient access.Developing new diagnostics is a complex process. Depending on the treatment it’s paired with, a test may need to check for a specific genetic variant, determine how a gene is being expressed or assess whether a certain amount of proteins or enzymes are being produced from particular genes.Taking a biopsy of a breast cancer tumor that has been surgically removed during a lumpectomy might be somewhat straightforward: A pathologist tests a sample of the tumor to find out what type of cancer it is and if it has certain properties that can help determine if there’s a targeted therapy available to treat it. It’s far more difficult, however, to get such a sample with many other types of cancer. That’s why the company launched a lung cancer therapy with a liquid biopsy-based test, explains Andrea Stevens, Ph.D., Director, Precision Medicine Access Strategy at Janssen.Of course, accuracy and reliability are of utmost importance. “If a test doesn’t work properly, patients could miss out on a therapy they may have benefited from or be potentially subjected to side effects without any benefits because they’re taking a drug that’s not meant for them,” says Stevens.Speed matters too, says Sarich, who adds that patients—and their physicians—need answers about what will work for them right away so they know what treatment course to pursue. “With the advent of new technology, we believe we’ll soon be able to expedite test results dramatically,” he says. “Instead of taking a tissue sample, sending it to a lab for analysis and waiting two weeks, one day an AI-enabled computer may be able to look at a tissue-sample image on a slide and analyze it in just a few seconds.” Spreading awareness among patients—and physicians New precision medicine treatments have the power to be game-changing for patients—provided they get to use them. Yet there can be major barriers to access, and one of the biggest access barriers is testing.“Even in major medical institutions, there’s often a delay in awareness that can last two, three or four years after a medicine is approved by health authorities,” says Gabriele Allegri, Head of Global Commercial Strategy, Precision Medicine, Janssen. “If physicians don’t know about new options, patients won’t be tested for them and will instead be given other, potentially less effective treatments.” “In one study of 1,000 lung cancer patients who were eligible for a targeted therapy, only 36% of them got the right drug at the end of the day,” he says.Part of the problem, says Stevens, is that changing old protocols is difficult. In prostate cancer, the current standard of care is chemotherapy. But now that Johnson & Johnson has a new targeted therapy for prostate cancer launching in the EU and U.S., she wants physicians to encourage patients to get tested as soon as possible following their diagnosis to see if they would be a candidate for targeted therapy.“Some physicians are waiting to test until a patient fails their first-line treatment,” she says. “We want to show the value of testing early, so that physicians can make an informed decision about what the first-line treatment for that patient should be.” We want pathologists and oncologists to be thinking about testing and considering it when considering treatment options. One of the first steps to achieving that is about generating the evidence that demonstrates the value of this approach. Andrea Stevens, Ph.D. Widespread education is crucial, adds Stevens. “We want pathologists and oncologists on tumor boards (groups of physicians who review patient cases and formulate treatment plans) to be thinking about testing and considering it when considering treatment options. One of the first steps to achieving that is about generating the evidence that demonstrates the value of this approach.”“We know that patients eligible for precision medicines do better when they follow precision medicine approaches,” says Sarich. “So we are focused on generating additional evidence to support that and to use that evidence to continue breaking down barriers across multiple stakeholder groups, to accelerate availability and consideration of these novel precision medicine therapeutics.” When it comes to deciding on a treatment plan, time really is of the essence. That’s certainly true for cancer, which may quickly progress and metastasize. It’s also highly relevant to a condition like XLRP. There’s no cure for this disease, and blindness is irreversible once it has set in. If the gene therapy being developed comes to fruition, potentially eligible patients who are losing vision or have a family history of the disease will need to be tested and treated to protect their remaining vision before they completely lose their sight.Despite the challenges that need to be worked through, precision medicine holds promise and possibilities. Johnson & Johnson is at the forefront, innovating treatments that are changing healthcare as we know it. Right now, “every disease has subtypes, and pretty much every drug has responders and non-responders,” says Janice Cruz Rowe, Worldwide Vice President, Retina, Janssen. Her hope is that, in the not-too-distant future, scientific developments will make it possible for patients with almost any condition to get care that is tailored to them. Oncology J&J Innovative Medicine Oncology Vision care Gene therapy Johnson & Johnson MedTech Learn more about new findings on a potential cancer treatment from Johnson & Johnson See how researchers are developing preventive approaches for early detection, creating new therapies and surgical devices and more. Learn more More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
How robots are helping personalize knee replacement surgery Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/How robots are helping personalize knee replacement surgery Innovation How robots are helping personalize knee replacement surgery Learn the latest about this common procedure and how Johnson & Johnson MedTech is innovating to improve patient outcomes. Written by Christina Frank | May 08, 2024 May 08, 2024 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied Total knee replacement surgery is one of the most common joint replacement procedures. Approximately 790,000 surgeries are performed in the U.S. each year, and that number is only expected to grow as the population ages, rates of obesity increase and more young people seek knee replacements. By far the most common reason for a total knee arthroplasty, as the surgery is known, is osteoarthritis, the “wear-and-tear” arthritis that occurs with normal aging. With osteoarthritis, the protective cartilage in the knee breaks down, causing pain as the bones start to rub together. Other reasons for a replacement include rheumatoid arthritis and knee injuries.While knee replacement surgery is considered a major operation that comes with risks, advances in technology have changed things considerably. Joint implants are more durable and robotic-assisted orthopedic surgery offers the potential for increased accuracy and precision versus traditional surgical methods.VELYS™ Robotic-Assisted Solution from Johnson & Johnson MedTech, in conjunction with the ATTUNE™ Knee System implants, is at the forefront of these advances. “Surrounding an incredible implant with a system that allows the surgeon to personalize how that implant goes in—and ensuring that it’s executed as intended—is what makes this system so powerful,” says Will Brassel, Vice President, Velys Global Strategic Marketing & Power Tools at DePuy Synthes, a Johnson & Johnson MedTech company. The company is also working this year to expand the Velys Robotic-Assisted Solution System so that, pending clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, it can be used in both total and partial knee replacement procedures. We’re taking a look at the latest facts about knee replacement surgery and how Johnson & Johnson is innovating to make an impact. 1. The number of younger people getting total knee replacements is increasing. Used to be, total knee replacement surgery was reserved for people in their mid-60s and up, says Andrew Star, M.D., Medical Director of the Orthopaedic and Spine Institute at Jefferson Abington Hospital. “Even young people with arthritis would be told they were too young for a replacement,” he says. “What’s happening now is that younger people are coming in after an injury or with premature arthritis and their quality of life isn’t what they want it to be. As the technology has improved, younger people have a higher level of expectation that maybe they can have their knee replaced.”As recently as the year 2000, knee implants lasted 10 to 15 years, often necessitating a repeat surgery in younger patients. Today, up to 82% of implants can last 25 years. “If we have implants that can last 20 to 25 years, it starts to expand the possibilities of who this is appropriate for,” says Dr. Star. “It’s kind of like the tread on your tires. If you have stronger tires, they don’t wear out as quickly.”For older patients, implants are commonly attached to the bones using bone cement. Younger patients, who tend to have healthier bones, may be candidates for cementless implants.“This has been done in hip replacements for decades, but the popularity of cementless knee replacements is much more recent,” says Dr. Star. “Implants can be made in very complex shapes and sizes so that they really match very well with the anatomy of the patient and allow the bone to knit to the implant.” 2. Knee replacement surgery has become a personalized procedure. In conventional, or manual, knee replacement surgery, surgeons use handheld tools to remove the damaged cartilage and rely on their judgment and expertise to determine positioning of the implant based on the patient’s anatomy.With robotic-assisted total knee replacement surgery, however, technology assists the surgeon to gather personalized data about the patient’s knee anatomy, which can provide precision and accuracy during surgical procedures.“If anything changes the position of the knee during surgery, even slightly, the Velys Robotic-Assisted Solution recognizes it and adjusts the cut accordingly,” says Brassel. “So you’ve got a second set of eyes, so to speak, to ensure that the surgeon is able to execute as they had planned. It eliminates any guesswork.” 3. Recovering from knee surgery has changed dramatically. A total knee replacement procedure takes around an hour, not including anesthesia and post-operative care. Not only has a patient’s stay in the hospital decreased in the past few years, this procedure is sometimes done on an outpatient basis, as is physical therapy.“Now, we firmly believe that the healthiest place for the patient is in their home, and the healthiest things for them to be doing are the things they normally do,” says Dr. Star. “We try to get people to that point as quickly as possible because that’s the way they tend to recover best. For the most part, these are not sick people who are having surgery; these are healthy people with a bad knee.”That said, it can take a few months to a year to recover fully, though it varies considerably from patient to patient. “Some are driving and returning to work with few complaints in two weeks, while others are still doing physical therapy at three months,” says Dr. Star. “A lot of it depends on how strong they were before the surgery. Were they out of shape because they’d had a bad knee for years? Or is this an active person who can resume activities more quickly?”No matter the case, Dr. Star says the most common reaction he gets from patients who’ve had a knee replacement is that they wish they had done it sooner.Important Safety Information: It is important to remember that the performance of joint replacements depends on age, weight, activity level and other factors. There are potential risks and recovery takes time. People with conditions limiting rehabilitation should not have these surgeries. Only an orthopedic surgeon can determine if joint replacement is necessary based on an individual patient’s condition. Innovation Johnson & Johnson MedTech DePuy Synthes Knee replacement Knee surgery VELYS™ Johnson & Johnson Considering a knee replacement? Learn more about robotic-assisted surgery. Click here More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
An eye for innovation: helping surgeons see more during spinal operations Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Latest news/Innovation/An eye for innovation: helping surgeons see more during spinal operations Innovation An eye for innovation: helping surgeons see more during spinal operations With a unique disposable camera the size of a pinkie finger, Eric Buehlmann and his team pioneered a better—and easier—way for doctors to perform back procedures. Written by John Searles | September 26, 2023 September 26, 2023 Share Facebook X (Twitter) Pinterest LinkedIn Copy link Link copied In 2016, Eric Buehlmann and his team at Johnson & Johnson MedTech were tasked with answering a big question: “How do we create technologies that enable surgeons to more easily perform complex spine procedures?” Eric Buehlmann, Director of Research and Development, Spine, DePuy Synthes, part of Johnson & Johnson MedTech At that time, surgeries targeting lumbar degenerative disease could be performed with minimally invasive techniques that benefited the patient but were challenging and time-consuming for the physician.“When performing minimally invasive spine surgeries [MIS], surgeons operate through a tube, a bit like working through a straw with chopsticks,” recalls Buehlmann, Director of Research and Development, Spine, DePuy Synthes, part of Johnson & Johnson MedTech. “It’s great for the patient, as the access is less traumatic. For the surgeon, however, it’s difficult to learn, and only select surgeons perform this procedure through an MIS approach.”Charged with the ambitious task of increasing patient access to life-changing MIS spinal surgeries, Buehlmann and his team of engineers, design surgeons, marketing specialists and manufacturing experts first outlined the drawbacks of how spinal surgery was performed at the time. They found that surgeons working through tubes are unable to fully visualize the surgery, because their hands and instruments block their view. To get better visibility, many surgeons use magnifying loops or boom-mounted microscopes. They also found that many other aspects of MIS surgery could be cumbersome and time-consuming.“Ergonomically speaking, the physical discomfort of being hunched over the microscope for long periods of time creates a scenario whereby surgeons can be physically limited in how many surgeries they can perform each day or week and may limit how long they can perform such surgeries in their careers,” Buehlmann points out. The Teligen System: a surgical technology platform that helps surgeons see clearly during spinal surgery. With such challenges in mind, Buehlmann and his team worked for six years developing the Teligen™ System: a surgical technology platform that enables surgeons to see clearly and work more efficiently and safely as they operate. Robots today are relatively simplistic in terms of what they can do for spine surgery but are always getting better. Eric Buehlmann, Director of Research and Development, Spine, DePuy Synthes, part of Johnson & Johnson MedTech In the case of Teligen, “Surgeons still operate through a tube,” Buehlmann says, “but a disposable camera goes inside and can be slid up and down and rotated in all directions, offering multidirectional and enhanced visualization. It’s as though the surgeon’s eyes can be placed at the very bottom of the tube for an up-close and unobstructed view.” Buehlmann recalls a day two years ago when he witnessed a surgeon’s unforgettable response to the new technology. “This was a very good surgeon, but not one who specialized in minimally invasive procedures,” he says. “When he realized the relative ease of use and capability of Teligen, a giant smile appeared on his face.”Read on to learn more about Buehlmann—how he pivoted from structural engineering into the biotech field, what drives his commitment to developing innovative technologies that make surgery easier and the medical advancements he predicts will guide surgeons within a generation. Q: Growing up, what was the earliest clue you’d one day be working in the biotech engineering field? A: My parents are European immigrants. In the winter, they ran a ski shop in northern California and in the summer they constructed and sold homes. So I was always working with tools and around things being fixed or built. In high school, a college rep spoke to my class and mentioned engineering. In that moment, something clicked—I went down the road of structural engineering. But after 10 years in that field, frankly, I craved a fresh challenge. That’s when I got involved in medical device start-ups, which I found fascinating. Over time, it led to the incredible opportunity with Johnson & Johnson. My wife and I relocated with our two children from the West Coast to Massachusetts so I could work out of the company’s Raynham office. It’s been a terrific experience for all of us. Q: What misconceptions do people have about engineers in the medical field? Buehlmann (l) and some of the team behind Teligen: John DiVincenzo, Senior Group Manager of Teligen; Shane Fleshman, Systems Engineer; Zach Rideout, Systems Engineer A: People think we like to work and solve problems individually. But our success relies on teamwork. The development of Teligen is a perfect example, since it grew out of a wonderful collaboration of our team working with surgeons to understand their needs. Q: What is your proudest moment in your work life? A: Seeing the launch of Teligen. To see the project through and launch it into the market makes me incredibly proud of our team. Q: What do you love most about your job? A: I really enjoy working directly with my team. Over the course of my career, my role has gone from being an individual contributor to coaching a team and enabling the team to achieve new things. It’s a great experience to have technical conversations as well as conversations about the business. In this field you’ve got to be willing to work hard and not limit yourself. Think about it: We are impacting individual lives. When someone is in a time of crisis and a time of pain, the work we do helps that one person feel better. Q: What’s the most challenging part of your work? A: As leaders, we have to make choices about what we’re going to prioritize. It can be a tough call deciding to de-prioritize one project in order to pursue another, especially when both projects will advance medical technologies and the business. Q: What are your passions outside of work? When he’s not in the lab, Buehlmann enjoys restoring old cars. A: I’ve gotten into cooking and barbecuing lately, and I enjoy restoring old cars too. Right now, I’m doing a frame-up restoration of a 1982 Jeep. I like the experience of taking something old and restoring it to perfection or building something from scratch. Q: If we were talking 20 years from now, what innovations would you be excited to tell me about? A: Robots today are relatively simplistic in terms of what they can do for spine surgery but are always getting better. I think we’ll see a lot of expansion of their capabilities and what they can offer in surgical procedures. Also, augmented reality is definitely coming and will be a game changer. Rather than multiple monitors and related equipment being required in the operating room as with present-day surgeries, AR will allow the same visualization with a simple low-cost headset and will reduce the overall footprint of the surgical suite. This will enable better care for the patient, which is always the goal. Q: What advice would you give someone just starting out in your field? A: I’d say that medical device development is challenging and also very rewarding. So with this in mind, you’ve got to be willing to work hard and not limit yourself. Think about it: We are impacting individual lives. When someone is in a time of crisis and a time of pain, the work we do helps that one person feel better. It’s incredibly rewarding. Spinal surgery Johnson & Johnson MedTech DePuy Synthes Surgery Product safety Research & Development Putting medical devices into practice Where do healthcare providers learn to use Johnson & Johnson’s cutting-edge medical devices? At the Johnson & Johnson Institute. Learn more A mobile teaching unit at the newest Johnson & Johnson Institute location in Irvine, Calif. More from Johnson & Johnson Innovation March 10, 2025 Inside Johnson & Johnson’s decades-long quest to develop effective treatments for IBD Inflammatory bowel disease doesn’t have a cure—yet. But the recent FDA approval of a promising medication is the latest in a long line of treatments from Johnson & Johnson that are helping patients with IBD. Read more Innovation March 3, 2025 The future of immunology Learn about the advances Johnson & Johnson is making to potentially help treat the millions of people living with conditions in which the immune system mistakenly damages healthy cells in the body. Read more Health & wellness February 27, 2025 5 things we now know about colorectal cancer Surprising new research suggests that people younger than 50 are getting diagnosed with the disease at record rates. For National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, find out how to protect yourself—no matter your age. Read more
Sustainability | Johnson & Johnson Skip to content Menu Search Query Submit Search Clear Dictate search request Search Results No Results Recently Viewed Listening... Sorry, I don't understand. Please try again Show Search Home/Our Company/Suppliers/Sustainability Sustainability We invite our suppliers to work alongside us to create a multiplier effect in communities across the globe. Our award-winning Supplier Sustainability Program is key to this effort, helping to drive continuous improvements in reducing environmental impact and improving human rights. Suppliers Supplier responsibilities We recognize that, to create impact at scale, we must be clear about our requirements and help our suppliers incorporate sustainable practices into their business. We verify and monitor supplier compliance with our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers through formal assessment and audits. Learn more EcoVadis EcoVadis provides business sustainability ratings, intelligence and collaborative performance improvement tools for global supply chains. Suppliers in Johnson & Johnson’s Supplier Sustainability Program are required to complete an EcoVadis assessment and work on continual improvements to ensure they uphold our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers. Learn more CDP CDP is a not-for-profit organization that supports thousands of companies, cities, states and regions to measure and manage their risks and opportunities on climate change, water security and deforestation. Johnson & Johnson discloses to CDP and requests certain suppliers do the same. Learn more Human rights Our Human Rights in the Supply Base program was established to monitor human rights compliance throughout our supplier base. We regularly assess our suppliers on fair working conditions, and we work with them to uphold the human rights chapter of our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers. Learn more Partnerships for good A Partnership for Good is a collaboration between Johnson & Johnson and a supplier to create innovative solutions that drive significant environmental, social and economic improvements. Partnership for Good projects are directly tied to Johnson & Johnson’s sustainability priorities. Learn more