
Who We Are — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now pause play video who we are Energy drives human progress and creates positive change for modern society. We work hard to deliver energy that can improve the lives of millions of people around the world. what we believe drives how we work Our north star is The Chevron Way. A set of values that inspires our culture. And guides us to get results the right way. discover the chevron way play pause video our purpose Chevron’s purpose is to provide affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy. To enable human progress. That is at the heart of who we are. We’re working to increase production to meet global energy demand. learn more Supporting diversity and inclusion is embedded in how we work. We welcome different points of view to help us drive innovation and grow our business. learn more our culture We’re a global team dedicated to working with people from all walks of life. We believe human ingenuity has the power to solve any challenge. And we work towards living this belief every day. industry innovation through technology We aim to accelerate progress through technology that fuels our world today and builds lower carbon energy solutions for the future. Digital technologies are helping us integrate data, reduce costs and enhance safety. learn about our technology and innovation human ingenuity from the beginning We have been a leader in energy for over 140 years. Our history is filled with moments that shaped human progress and transformed the world. learn about our history focus on quality We’re driven to create a quality experience. From our leadership team, who are guided by their vision and values. To each of our brands and the employees who bring them to life. our brands We strive for excellence and maintaining high standards. With a rich history dating back over a century, Chevron’s family of brands has built trust and recognition worldwide. discover our brands leadership Our culture is built upon the principles of responsibility, trust and integrity. Our leadership is a profound source of pride as we aim to lead in the future of energy. learn about our leaders careers Chevron is a place where people come to be part of innovative solutions that help address the world’s energy challenges. join our journey newsroom latest in chevron March 24, 2025 chevron and new orleans score big at the big game read article March 19, 2025 decommissioned platform transforms into reef read article March 18, 2025 chevron leaders share their vision for the future at CERAWeek 2025 read article March 17, 2025 chevron responds to los angeles county wildfires read article March 14, 2025 chevron uses AI to bring reliable energy to data centers read article chevron email updates subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates.
What We Do — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now pause play video what we do The world’s energy demands are greater than ever before. We’re working to deliver the lower carbon energy needed today while building the energy system of tomorrow. affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy We work every day to provide energy that helps billions of people achieve the benefits of modern life. And to create solutions that will help advance a lower carbon future. explore energy solutions innovative technology. scalable solutions. Advancing technology helps us safely deliver the lower carbon energy the world needs. While new innovations help us build the lower carbon energy system for the future. discover tech and innovation delivering energy across the globe No one company, industry, or country alone can build a lower carbon future. With our diverse assets, investments, and people around the world, we are working to make meaningful progress while helping local communities thrive. discover chevron worldwide newsroom latest at chevron March 24, 2025 chevron and new orleans score big at the big game read article March 19, 2025 decommissioned platform transforms into reef read article March 18, 2025 chevron leaders share their vision for the future at CERAWeek 2025 read article March 17, 2025 chevron responds to los angeles county wildfires read article March 14, 2025 chevron uses AI to bring reliable energy to data centers read article March 06, 2025 natural gas is helping power the use of artificial intelligence read article
Our History | Chevron — Chevron skip to main content a history of enabling human progress We’ve always believed in the power of human ingenuity. A group of explorers successfully struck oil in California in 1876. Three years later our company entered the industry in 1879. Our spirit has been driven by integrity, trust, and innovation. And we’ve continued our purpose to provide the affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy that enables human progress. read the full chevron history 1879 - 1911 leading the way 1912 - 1926 spirit of standard 1927 - 1946 in war and peace 1947 - 1979 a new identity 1980 - 2001 market expansion 2002 - 2019 a new era of energy 2020 - present advancing energy progress 1879 - 1911 leading the way A quest for black gold brings a spirit of innovation and transformative engineering. 1879 Before we became Chevron, we got our start in San Francisco under the name Pacific Coast Oil Co. (PCO). After PCO incorporated, it acquired California Star Oil Works Co. 1895 California’s first steel-hulled tanker, the George Loomis, was built to efficiently transport 6,500 barrels of oil by sea. 1900 Standard Oil Company acquired PCO. This acquisition gave Standard Oil Company a supply of oil for the U.S. West Coast. It also added production, transportation, and refining capabilities. Early 1900s The first oil refinery PCO built was at Alameda Point, California in 1880. Additional refineries were built decades later in California and transformed the landscape of West Coast energy. 1907 The world’s first service station was set up in Seattle by Socal sales manager John McLean. 1879 A few years before the acquisition, oil was discovered by California Star Oil Works at drill site No. 4 in Pico Canyon. This marked California’s earliest commercial oil discovery. The site produced oil until 1990, a state record. Early 1900s 1902The Richmond Refinery was built in Northern California. It used a new process to make salable, inexpensive kerosene from crude oil. Previously, refined California crude oil made a smoky kerosene that was inferior to the western U.S. version. 1911The El Segundo Refinery was built in Southern California. Car sales were booming across much of the U.S. West Coast. And El Segundo’s location overlooking the azure Pacific Ocean made it ideal for transoceanic shipments. The location also gave the company access to Southern California oil fields. 1907 This service station was at the company’s sales plant on the property, so customers could purchase gas at a trusted location. Early service stations had products displayed on wooden shelves along with a curbside gasoline dispenser. Safety has also been a core value from the beginning as shown here with the No Smoking sign. 1912 - 1926 spirit of standard As demand for petroleum products grew, so did our competitive drive and passion for change. 1912 Led by Standard Oil Company’s (California) director of producing Fred Hillman, crews at the McNee No. 4 well at the Midway-Sunset oil field in California produced a record 30,000 barrels a day. 1916 This group of employees at the Richmond Refinery were the first to receive service pins after the announcement of the inauguration of the Order of Service. 1926 Standard Oil Company of California (Socal) sponsored the Standard Hour, the first network radio broadcast of symphonic music on the U.S. West Coast. It gave rise two years later to the Standard School Broadcast that reached millions of grade school students for decades. 1916 The “Standard Oil Spirit” booklet was developed for employees and laid out our company’s progressive values and policies. It also helped establish our culture and guided how we work. 1926 The Standard School Broadcast is one of the earliest educational radio programs. It was presented by our company as a public service. This was a music broadcast for students and music lovers to be enjoyed in classrooms and homes in many states across the U.S., including Alaska and Hawaii. 1927 - 1946 in war and peace The impact of low oil supplies after World War I prompted our efforts to produce oil worldwide and grow our business. 1927 Charles Lindbergh used Socal’s Red Crown gasoline for his Spirit of St. Louis trans-Atlantic flight. “I found I could buy special gasoline in the West that would give me a little more range per gallon,” he said. 1931 Socal introduced the chevron-shaped hallmark logo to standardize brand identity and set itself apart from competitors. The sign was displayed at all 900 Socal service stations on the U.S. West Coast. 1930s Socal oil discoveries in the Middle East transformed energy production and expanded business operations. 1941 Socal became a key supplier of crude oil for the Allies during World War II. Women broke new ground and played an important role by working in refineries, laboratories, and service stations as men enlisted in the armed services. 1927 On his 9,500-mile tour, Lindbergh flew from Washington, D.C., to Mexico, Guatemala, British Honduras, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Hati, and Cuba. 1931 1940Socal adopted the Chevron Sign along with the words Quality Service to signify the Sign of Fine Products. 1945Socal introduced winged-V Chevron signs at dealer service stations. 1930s 1932Socal discovered oil in Bahrain, the company’s first international oil discovery. 1938Socal made the first major oil discovery in Saudi Arabia. 1941 Socal’s Richmond Refinery was awarded the Army-Navy “E” for excellence four times during World War II for its record production supporting the war effort. Socal refineries supported the war effort by making a variety of products. Including fuels used by military aircrafts. This trophy held the company’s billionth gallon of 100 octane gasoline. 1947 - 1979 a new identity Our company expanded internationally to meet growing oil demands. 1949 Socal’s oil discoveries in Indonesia and offshore waters of the Gulf of America helped our company become one of the largest oil producers. 1961 Socal merged with Kentucky Standard Oil (KYSO). 1969 Socal introduced a modernized hallmark design to communicate company identity worldwide. 1961 The Pascagoula Refinery was built as a result of the KYSO acquisition to supply oil to new markets. 1980 - 2001 market expansion We continued to grow around the world through mergers, acquisitions, and marketing efforts. 1984 Socal merged with Gulf Oil Corporation, nearly doubling our oil and natural gas reserves worldwide. 1984 Socal became Chevron Corporation to align our company identity globally. 1995 Chevron launched the iconic “Chevron Cars” advertising campaign. And it continues to evolve today. 1995 “The Chevron Way” became the company vision, linking our company’s vision and values to the way we do business. 1999 Chevron became one of the first companies to endorse the Global Sullivan Principles for universal human rights. 2001 Chevron merged with Texaco and became ChevronTexaco, the second-largest U.S.-based energy company at the time. 2001 Chevron set up the Office of Global Diversity to promote diversity and inclusion inside the company. 1984 Gulf Oil Corp. was the nation’s fifth-largest petroleum producer when acquired. Through the merger, major exploration and production operations were expanded in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Canada, and the North Sea. The Gulf brand itself presently is owned by third parties. 1995 2002 - 2019 a new era of energy As our exploration technology expanded, so did our aim to support diversity and inclusion. 2005 ChevronTexaco acquired Unocal Corporation and became Chevron. We also introduced a more approachable hallmark logo. The design built on heritage and conveyed a sense of momentum and warmth. 2016 In pursuit of its long-term energy goals, Chevron advanced two liquefied natural gas (LNG) projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone, which moved forward in Western Australia. 2005 2007Chevron launched the “Power of Human Energy,” a campaign focused on connecting people with current energy issues. 2019Chevron debuted a new hallmark logo that redefines “human energy” for a new era. This new hallmark was based on three concepts—humanity has the power to solve any challenge, our company’s work helps make human progress possible, and we can deliver results the right and responsible way. 2016 The loading jetties located at the Gorgon facility, Barrow Island, Australia. View of the Wheatstone Offshore Platform topsides at dawn. 2020 - present advancing energy progress Working toward a lower carbon future. Early 2020s As Chevron continued to grow through acquisitions, so did our vision for the future. 2021 Chevron New Energies was introduced to help customers meet their lower carbon goals and reduce the carbon intensity of our own operations. 2022 Chevron held over 4,800 technology patents, making it one of the leading patent holders in our industry. 2024 Chevron announces move of corporate headquarters from San Ramon, CA to Houston, TX. 2020s 2020Chevron acquired Noble Energy and Puma Energy. This gave us a larger oil-supply at lower cost and made our collection of assets stronger in the Eastern Mediterranean. 2022Chevron acquired Renewable Energy Group (REG). This helped provide lower-carbon solutions for transportation. Leveraging our existing refining system, we aim to grow our renewable fuels production capacity to roughly 100,000 barrels per day by 2030. 2023Chevron announced agreement to acquire PDC Energy and Hess Energy. The PDC gain increased our oil supply by 10% and supports our strategy to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. read the full chevron history newsroom latest in chevron March 24, 2025 chevron and new orleans score big at the big game read article March 19, 2025 decommissioned platform transforms into reef read article March 18, 2025 chevron leaders share their vision for the future at CERAWeek 2025 read article March 17, 2025 chevron responds to los angeles county wildfires read article March 14, 2025 chevron uses AI to bring reliable energy to data centers read article resources 2023 climate change resilience report 2024 supplement to the annual report 2023 annual report 2023 corporate sustainability report the chevron way - english chevron email updates subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates
Chevron Leadership — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now chevron leadership Our culture is built upon the principles of responsibility, trust and integrity. Our leadership is a profound source of pride, as we lead in the future of energy. board of directors corporate officers Guided by our vision and values, The Chevron Way, our Board of Directors and Corporate Officers are committed to demonstrating the highest standard of ethics. boardofdirectors board of directors The Board of Directors of Chevron directs the affairs of the corporation and is committed to sound principles of corporate governance. They bring a proven track record of success across a broad range of experiences at the policymaking level in business; expertise in science, technology, engineering, research or academia; extensive knowledge of governmental, regulatory, legal or public policy issues; expertise in finance, financial disclosure or financial accounting; experience in global business or international affairs; environmental experience; experience leading business transformation; and service on public company boards. Michael K. (Mike) Wirth Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Wanda M. Austin Lead Director; Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, The Aerospace Corporation John B. Frank Vice Chairman, Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Alice P. Gast Retired President and Professor Emeritus of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College London Enrique Hernandez, Jr. Executive Chairman,Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. Marillyn A. Hewson Retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lockheed Martin Corporation Jon M. Huntsman Jr. Vice Chairman and President, Strategic Growth, Mastercard Incorporated Charles W. Moorman Former Senior Advisor to Amtrak and Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Norfolk Southern Corporation Dambisa F. Moyo Co-principal, Versaca Investments Debra Reed-Klages Retired Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Sempra D. James Umpleby III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Caterpillar Inc. Cynthia J. Warner Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Renewable Energy Group, Inc. learn more about committee memberships corporateofficers corporate officers *executive committee members Michael K. (Mike) Wirth* Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Paul R. Antebi Vice President and General Tax Counsel Marissa Badenhorst Vice President, Health, Safety and Environment Eimear P. Bonner* Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mary A. Francis Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer Michelle R. Green Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Jeff B. Gustavson* Vice President, Lower Carbon Energies Alana K. Knowles Vice President and Controller Balaji Krishnamurthy* Vice President, Chevron Technical Center Molly T. Laegeler Vice President, Strategy & Sustainability Laura J. Lane Vice President and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer Navin K. Mahajan Vice President and Treasurer Frank W. Mount Vice President, Corporate Business Development Mark A. Nelson* Vice Chairman Colin E. Parfitt Vice President, Midstream R. Hewitt Pate* Vice President and General Counsel Albert J. (Al) Williams Vice President, Senior Advisor, Corporate Affairs chevron email updates Subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up for the newsletter resources pdf 2023 Annual Report pdf opens in new window 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report pdf The Chevron Way – English pdf opens in new window Corporate Governance Add link Committee Membership History
Chevron Culture — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now pause play video who we are our culture We work hard to provide energy that helps improve the lives of people around the world. The Operational Excellence Management System is a core part of how we do it. We promote a culture that values a diversity of perspectives, productive dialogue and teaming that help us deliver the future of energy. our way is the chevron way We’re a global team united by what we believe. We believe human ingenuity has the power to solve any challenge and overcome any obstacle. Our vision and purpose drives how we work. And together we’re working to advance a lower carbon future. see the chevron way we strive for excellence in everything we do Operational Excellence (OE) aims to put into action our Chevron Way, a set of values that helps protect people and the environment and helps us achieve Chevron’s vision to be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership and performance. see how we elevate excellence diversity and inclusion make us stronger We promote a culture that values different perspectives, productive dialogue and teaming. We also promote resources for good health, well-being and work-life balance. We develop leaders to sustain and strengthen our culture for the future. see how we’re stronger together putting values into action around the world At every level, Chevron employees are using their skills to give back and help strengthen the communities where we operate. Chevron Thailand employees and their families partnered with the Nong Ree Natural Agriculture Health Center in Chonburi to plant about 1,000 trees. This event provided volunteers with the opportunity to learn about soil and water management as well as give back to their community. Chevron Australia sponsors the Chevron City to Surf for Activ event, which aims to help improve the lives of those living with disability in Western Australia. chevron humankind Our Chevron Humankind initiative is a program in the United States that offers support from our employees to their communities. 2023 chevron humankind at&nbspa&nbspglance dollars contributed to U.S. nonprofits through a combination of employee and retiree giving and company matching funds number of employees and retirees who volunteered through Chevron Humankind number of volunteer hours logged in the U.S. by our employees and retirees number of charitable organizations in the U.S. who benefited from volunteer time as part of U.S. Chevron Humankind 2023 chevron humankind in&nbspaction Read Across America Week Chevron volunteers helped deliver books to over 300 students at schools in Lost Hills, CA. Food distribution event Chevron workers volunteered to distribute food from the Houston Food Bank to about 200 families. latest on our culture Read how our employees are making an impact around the world. newsroom people and community March 24, 2025 chevron and new orleans score big at the big game read article March 17, 2025 chevron responds to los angeles county wildfires read article February 24, 2025 twenty years and running read article February 07, 2025 a legacy of commitment and community read article February 05, 2025 preserving a threatened turtle species read article January 08, 2025 cajun coral restores lost habitats read article join our team Chevron seeks to attract and retain talent for high-performing teams. We aim to develop employees and engage their potential. explore jobs & careers at chevron resources ESG Index 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report 2023 Annual Report chevron email updates subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates.
Chevron Investors: Delivering Strong Results — Chevron skip to main content investorrelations chevron achieves first oil at Future Growth Project in Kazakhstan read the press release piper sandler 25th annual energy conference March 18, 2025 view event details 4Q 2024 chevron earnings conference call January 31, 2025 view event details goldman sachs energy, cleantech & utilities conference January 08, 2025 view event details “We’re going to leverage our capabilities to develop lower carbon energy to supply a growing world.”Mike Wirth, Chevron Chairman and CEO listen to the podcast chevron announces agreement to acquire hess October 23, 2023 view press release 3Q 2024 earnings conference call view event details 4Q 2024 earnings highlights see our latest results supporting materials 2024 4Q Earnings Release (PDF) 2024 4Q Data Supplement (XLS) 2024 4Q Earnings Conference Call Presentation with Prepared Remarks (PDF) 2024 4Q Earnings Conference Call 2024 4Q Earnings Conference Call (webcast) 2024 4Q Earnings Call Transcript Q4 adjusted earnings $3.6B Q4 shareholder distributions $7.4B Q4 cash flow from operations $8.7B Q4 net oil-equivalent production 3,350MBOED FY24 return on net capital employed 10.1% Net debt ratio 10.4% latest news read all news and press releases March 10, 2025 chevron leaders share their vision for the future at CERAWeek 2025 read article January 28, 2025 Engine No. 1, Chevron and GE Vernova to power U.S. data centers read press release January 23, 2025 chevron achieves first oil at future growth project in Kazakhstan read press release December 18, 2024 chevron CEO talks growing production, efficient spending read article October 29, 2024 CNBC joins chevron CEO in gulf of america to discuss deepwater achievements read article September 30, 2024 chevron-hess merger clears FTC antitrust review read press release events and presentations see all events and presentations current investor presentation February 26, 2025 view presentation 4Q 2024 chevron earnings conference call January 31, 2025 view details goldman sachs energy, cleantech & utilities conference January 08, 2025 view details consolidated previous guidance and company statements December 27, 2024 view document 3Q 2024 chevron earnings conference call November 01, 2024 view events details 2Q 2024 chevron earnings conference call August 02, 2024 view event details 1Q 2024 chevron earnings conference call April 26, 2024 view event details 4Q 2023 chevron earnings conference call February 02, 2024 view event details 3Q 2023 chevron earnings conference call October 27, 2023 view event details chevron announces agreement to acquire hess October 23, 2023 view event details 2Q 2023 chevron earnings conference call September 01, 2023 view event details higher returns, lower carbon Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. read our reports and filings growing the dividend reinvesting to grow future cash flows strengthening the balance sheet returning excess cash to stockholders lowering carbon intensity growing lower carbon businesses environmental, social and governance Our approach to sustainability is integrated throughout our business. We strive to protect the environment, empower people, and get results the right way—today and tomorrow. learn about ESG read climate change resilience report read our sustainabillity report stock and dividend CVX Loading Stock Info... view stock info contacts transfer agent For stockholder correspondence: Computershare P.O. Box 43708 Providence, RI 02940-3078 Toll Free Number: +1 800.368.8357 Outside the U.S.: +1 201.680.6578 visit computershare website computershare online inquiries investor relations Phone: +1 832.854.1000 email investor relations Jake Spiering, general managerSerena Fendley, manager
Energy Solutions — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now pause play video what we do energy solutions Affordable, reliable and ever-cleaner energy for today and tomorrow. That’s what we’re working towards, every day. oil and natural gas Oil and natural gas are essential to providing the energy we use every day. Our diverse set of assets helps us find and produce energy the world needs. see our portfolio fuels From drives across town to travel across countries, we’ve been providing quality transportation fuels for more than 140 years. And we’ll continue to deliver affordable, reliable, lower carbon fuels into the future. learn about fuels lubricants From motor oil for the family car to lubricants for heavy duty transportation and industrial equipment, we deliver premium products that help improve fuel economy and extend the period between oil changes. explore lubricants chemicals and additives Together with our partners, Chevron is a leading manufacturer of petrochemicals and additives that are essential to creating everyday consumer and industrial products, as well as maximizing the reliability, efficiency and life of engines. see chemicals and additives newsroom energy in action March 24, 2025 chevron and new orleans score big at the big game read article March 19, 2025 decommissioned platform transforms into reef read article March 18, 2025 chevron leaders share their vision for the future at CERAWeek 2025 read article March 17, 2025 chevron responds to los angeles county wildfires read article March 14, 2025 chevron uses AI to bring reliable energy to data centers read article March 06, 2025 natural gas is helping power the use of artificial intelligence read article
Meet Mike Wirth, Chairman of the Board and CEO — Chevron skip to main content mike wirth chairman of the board and chief executive officer follow mike on linkedin Michael K. (Mike) Wirth, 64, has been chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Chevron Corporation since 2018. Wirth served as vice chairman of the board in 2017, and as executive vice president of Midstream & Development from 2016 to 2018, where he was responsible for the shipping, supply and trading, and pipeline and power operating units, as well as for Chevron’s strategy, business development, and corporate affairs. Previously, Wirth was executive vice president of Downstream & Chemicals from 2006 to 2015 and president of Global Supply and Trading from 2003 to 2006. He joined Chevron as a design engineer in 1982 and holds a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Colorado. Wirth serves on the board of directors of the American Petroleum Institute, Catalyst and the National Football Foundation, and is a member of the National Petroleum Council, the Business Roundtable, the World Economic Forum International Business Council, the American Heart Association CEO Roundtable, The Business Council, and the American Society of Corporate Executives. in the news A path of growth March 10, 2025 | CERAWeek Mike Wirth, Chevron chairman and CEO, sits down with Dan Yergin to discuss the opportunities facing both Chevron and the industry and the continued need for a balanced energy conversation. watch now opens in new window Outlook for energy February 5, 2025 | Bloomberg Mike Wirth, Chevron chairman and CEO, discusses changing views toward oil and gas, as well as the company’s new ventures that aim to meet the energy needs of big tech companies on Bloomberg Surveillance. watch now The future of energy January 7, 2025 | CNBC CEO Mike Wirth appears on Power Lunch with Brian Sullivan and considers the many big-picture factors that play into current and future energy needs—and what that means for energy production. watch now opens in new window Energy policy in a complex global landscape December 6, 2024 | Atlantic Council CEO Mike Wirth and Atlantic Council President and CEO Fred Kempe discuss Chevron’s vision for policies that address both energy security and environmental protection in an increasingly complex global landscape. watch now opens in new window more of mike in the news a complex landscape December 6, 2024 | Atlantic Council A vision for policies that address energy security and environmental protection. deepwater production October 24, 2024 | CNBC Mad money broadcasts live from the anchor platform in the Gulf of America. stable policy, balanced conversation needed September 17, 2024 | Gastech 2024 Wirth delivers the keynote address calling for a balanced approach to energy policy. show you’re listening September 17, 2024 | How Leaders Lead Podcast Wirth talks with David Novak about coaching, teaming and leading. building momentum in our businesses September 17, 2024 | CNBC Wirth highlights Chevron’s queue of world-class projects. advancing lower carbon solutions May 6, 2024 | Milken Institute Wirth discusses the pace of the energy transition. strong Q1 results April 26, 2024 | CNBC Delivering superior shareholder returns. a year of records March 20, 2024 | C.O.B. Tuesday Wirth examines global energy dynamics, AI, the energy transition and more with Maynard Holt.* advancing ideas, insights, and solutions March 19, 2024 | CERAWeek Wirth touches on innovation, AI, and the importance of balanced policy with Daniel Yergin. * a year of record production February 2, 2024 | BloombergTV Wirth talks earnings, growth, and future plans. world economic forum in davos January 16, 2024 | BloombergTV Wirth discusses U.S. shale and the energy transition. expecting more demand in 2024 January 4, 2024 | CNBC’s “Last Call” Wirth joins Brian Sullivan to look at oil prices. investing for tomorrow December 12, 2023 | WSJ’s CEO Council Meeting energy demand while investing in lower carbon intensity solutions. solutions that scale at speed December 11, 2023 | CFR’s CEO Speaker Series Wirth’s conversation on energy markets, energy policy and a cleaner energy future. a pragmatic approach to energy November 7, 2023 | 3 Takeaways On Lynn Thoman's podcast, Wirth emphasizes solutions, scale and speed. meeting growing demand September 28, 2023 | Hamm Institute for American Energy Wirth explains the role of technology and talent for our energy future. a conversation on complexities September 28, 2023 | Barron's Wirth talks with Andy Serwer about Chevron's three priorities. fueling the future July 28, 2023 | Leadership Reimagined Wirth joins Janice Ellig to talk about the shifting energy landscape. record production July 24, 2023 | CNBC Wirth discuss second quarter earnings and recent leadership announcements. aspen ideas festival June 26, 2023 | The Aspen Institute Wirth and Andrew Ross Sorkin have a wide-ranging discussion about the energy transition. energy policy June 6, 2023 | FOX News Wirth joins Brett Bair’s ‘Special Report’ to discuss energy policy. buybacks, deals and oil capacity March 1, 2023 | Bloomberg Wirth speaks with Alix Steele. demand and production increases March 1, 2023 | FOX Business Wirth appears on ‘The Claman Countdown.’ $75B stock buyback plan February 3, 2023 | CNBC Wirth joins ‘Squawk Box’ to discuss buybacks. 2023 world economic forum January 17, 2023 | Bloomberg Wirth reviews strategy and the markets. 2023 world economic forum January 17, 2023 | CNBC Wirth on the industry and geopolitics. 2023 world economic forum January 17, 2023 | FOX Business Wirth speaks on strategies and policies. peer-to-peer conversations January 5, 2023 | Bloomberg Wirth talks with David Rubenstein about plans to tax big oil, energy prices and the war in Ukraine. company's growth outlook December 19, 2022 | FOX Business Wirth discusses the company's outlook and Biden's energy agenda. geopolitics and demand December 2, 2022 | CNBC Wirth’s expectations as EU prepares more Russian oil sanctions. energy transition December 2, 2022 | CNBC Wirth discusses ESG investing and the need to transition to renewable energy sources. boston college chief executives club November 30, 2022 | Boston College Fireside chat on the state of global energy markets and the long-term energy transition. european energy September 13, 2022 | CNN Wirth speaks with CNN about Europe’s energy “vulnerability,” and the calls for an export ban. chevron CEO wirth on oil markets and permitting September 7, 2022 | Bloomberg Wirth comments on the outlook for M&A activity and the state of global oil markets. CNBC evolve global summit July 29, 2022 | CNBC Wirth sits down for a wide-ranging talk on the challenges and opportunities facing the industry. fox business interview with liz claman July 14, 2022 | FOX Business Wirth explains what’s driving oil volatility and the global energy market on 'The Claman Countdown.' oil demand, costs, refinery closures June 3, 2022 | Bloomberg Markets Wirth discusses efforts to meet rising oil demand, costs management, impact of refinery closures on inflation. forecast webinar series: the future of energy May 9, 2022 | UCLA Anderson School of Management Wirth joins a conversation on how chevron navigates uncertain times, what the future holds for energy industry. * For cautionary statements relevant to forward-looking information and other important information for stockholders and investors, please see exhibit 99.1 to Chevron Corporation’s filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3, 2024, which is available here. photo downloads The images on this web page are for editorial use only in newspapers, news magazines, trade publications, broadcast media and online media. All images remain the property of Chevron Corporation and cannot be used for any additional purposes. download mike wirth photo mike wirth in front of screens S M L download photo Updated: October 2024
Chevron Corporate Governance — Chevron skip to main content investor relations corporate governance promoting strong corporate governance practices The Board of Directors of Chevron directs the affairs of the corporation and is committed to sound principles of corporate governance. Documents included in this section provide ways for investors to understand the foundation of our corporate governance. certificate of incorporation pdf opens in new window by-laws pdf opens in new window corporate governance guidelines pdf opens in new window proxy statement pdf opens in new window governance guidelines These guidelines have been adopted by the Chevron Board of Directors. The guidelines, in conjunction with the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Board Committee charters, form the framework for governance of the Corporation. role of the board of directors The Board of Directors oversees and provides policy guidance on the business and affairs of the Corporation. It monitors overall corporate performance, the integrity of the Corporation's financial controls and the effectiveness of its legal compliance and enterprise risk management programs. The Board oversees management and plans for the succession of key executives. The Board oversees the Corporation's strategic and business planning process. This is generally a year-round process culminating in full meeting Board reviews of the Corporation's updated Corporate Strategic Plan, its business plan, the next year's capital expenditures budget plus key financial and supplemental objectives. board succession planning; membership criteria The Board Nominating and Governance Committee engages in succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board and its Committees. Directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with The Chevron Way and the Business Conduct and Ethics Code, and a commitment to building stockholder value. They should have business acumen and broad experience and expertise at the policy-making level in one or more of the areas of particular consideration below and should be able to provide insights and practical wisdom based on their experience or expertise. They should have sufficient time to effectively carry out their duties. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews the composition of the Board as a whole to assess the skills and characteristics that are currently represented on the Board, and in individual Directors, as well as the skills and characteristics that the Board may find valuable in the future, in light of the current and anticipated strategic plans and operating requirements of the Corporation and the long-term interests of stockholders. In conducting this assessment, the Committee particularly considers leadership experience in business as a chief executive officer, senior executive or leader of significant business operations; experience leading business transformation; expertise in science, technology, engineering, research, or academia; extensive knowledge of governmental, regulatory, legal, or public policy issues; expertise in finance, financial disclosure, or financial accounting; global business or international affairs experience; environmental experience (including with respect to climate change issues); public company board service; ability to dedicate sufficient time to serve on the Board, and diversity, of age, gender, and ethnicity, and such other factors as it deems appropriate given the current and anticipated needs of the Board and the Corporation, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience, background, and capability. director independence A majority of the Board consists of independent Directors, as defined by the New York Stock Exchange. To be considered “independent,” a Director must be determined by the Board, after recommendation by the Board Nominating and Governance Committee and after due deliberation, to have no material relationship with the Company other than as a Director. In making its determination concerning the absence of a material relationship, the Board adheres to all of the specific tests for independence included in the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. In addition, the Board has determined that the following relationships of Chevron Directors occurring within the last fiscal year are categorically immaterial if the relevant transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of business: Director of another entity if business transactions in the most recent fiscal year between Chevron and that entity do not exceed $5 million or five percent of the receiving entity's consolidated gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater; Employee of another entity if business transactions in the most recent fiscal year between Chevron and that entity do not exceed $250,000 or 0.5 percent of the receiving entity’s consolidated gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater; Director of another entity if Chevron's discretionary charitable contributions in the most recent fiscal year to that entity do not exceed $1 million or two percent of that entity’s gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater, and if the charitable contributions are consistent with Chevron’s philanthropic practices; and A relationship arising solely from a Director's ownership of an equity or limited partnership interest in a party that engages in a transaction with Chevron, so long as the Director's ownership interest does not exceed two percent of the total equity or partnership interest in that other party. The Board makes an affirmative determination regarding the independence of each Director annually, based upon the recommendation of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. board size The By-Laws provide that the number of Directors is determined by the Board. The Board's size is assessed at least annually by the Board Nominating and Governance Committee and changes are recommended to the Board when appropriate. If any nominee is unable to serve as a Director, the Board may reduce the number of Directors or choose a substitute. term of office Directors serve for a one-year term and until their successors are elected. election of directors As provided in Chevron’s By-Laws, candidates for Directors are elected annually by a majority vote in an uncontested election and by a plurality vote in a contested election. Any Director nominated for re-election who does not receive more votes cast “for” such nominee's election than votes cast “against” such nominee’s election, excluding abstentions, is expected to submit his or her offer of resignation for consideration by the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee shall consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances, including the Director’s qualifications, the Director’s past and expected future contributions to the Corporation, the overall composition of the Board and whether accepting the tendered resignation would cause the Corporation to fail to meet any applicable rule or regulation (including New York Stock Exchange listing requirements and federal securities laws) and recommend to the Board the action to be taken with respect to such offer of resignation. The Board intends to nominate for re-election only nominees who agree to offer the resignation contemplated by this Guideline. The Board of Directors proposes a slate of nominees for election by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting each year. Between Annual Meetings, the Board may select one or more Directors to serve until the next Annual Meeting. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee identifies, investigates and recommends prospective directors to the Board with the goal of creating a balance of knowledge, experience and diversity aligned with the long-term interest of stockholders. Stockholders may recommend a nominee by writing to the Corporate Secretary specifying the nominee’s name and the qualifications for Board membership. All recommendations are brought to the attention of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. Stockholders may submit a nomination for Director if done in accordance with Article IV., Section 6, of the By-Laws of the Corporation (the “Advance Notice By-Law”). Under the Advance Notice By-Law, the Board or the chairman of the meeting have the power to determine whether Director nominee submissions under the Advance Notice By-Law and for inclusion on a universal proxy card under Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Rule 14a-19”) meet the procedural requirements necessary for such nominee to be included on the universal proxy card. Any such determination that such procedural requirements have been met is not a recommendation of such nominee and signifies only that the chairman of the meeting or the Board is not aware of any information that would disqualify the nominee from serving on the Board for purposes of Rule 14a-19 and the Corporation’s By-Laws. Stockholders also may submit a nomination for Director for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy statement if done in accordance with the proxy access provisions in Article IV, Section 7 of the By-Laws. other board memberships Directors should limit their other board memberships to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to responsibly perform all of their Director duties, with no Director serving on the boards of more than four publicly traded companies. A Director who also serves as board Chair or Lead Director of a publicly traded company should not serve on more than three boards of publicly traded companies (including the company for which the Director is board Chair or Lead Director). A Director who also serves as the CEO of a publicly traded company should not serve on more than two boards of publicly traded companies (including the company for which the Director is CEO). When recommending individuals as nominees for the Board under the “Election of Directors” section above and in connection with Director evaluations under the “Evaluation of Board Performance” section below, the Board Nominating and Governance Committee will consider each Director’s outside commitments, including directorships or leadership positions at other publicly traded and private companies and non[1]profit entities, to help determine whether such outside commitments impair the Director’s effectiveness as a member of the Board. To avoid any potential conflict of interest, Directors will not accept a seat on any additional public or private company board without first notifying the Lead Director and the Chairman of the Board. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and approves the election of any employee Director to outside, for-profit board positions. director retirement policy Non-employee Directors may not stand for re-election after reaching age 74. Employee Directors may not serve as Directors once their employment with the Corporation ends. Mandatory retirement for employee Directors is age 65. A non-Employee Director is expected to submit to the Board Nominating and Governance Committee a letter offering to resign if his or her principal occupation or business association changes substantially during his or her tenure as a Director. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee will review and recommend to the Board the action, if any, to be taken with respect to the offer of resignation. The Board intends to nominate for re-election only nominees who agree to offer the resignation contemplated by this Guideline. number and composition of board committees The Board has four standing Committees: Audit, Board Nominating and Governance, Management Compensation, and Public Policy and Sustainability. Board Committee members shall be appointed annually by the Board upon the recommendation from the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. All Committees are comprised solely of independent Directors. In addition, members of the Audit and Management Compensation Committees meet additional, heightened independence criteria applicable to Directors serving on these Committees under the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. Each standing Committee is chaired by an independent Director who determines the agenda, the frequency and length of the meetings and who has unlimited access to management, information and outside advisors, as necessary and appropriate. Each independent Director generally serves on one or two Committees. Committee members serve staggered terms enabling Directors to rotate periodically to different Committees. Four- to six-year terms for Committee Chairpersons facilitate rotation of Committee chairpersons while preserving experienced leadership. Each standing Committee operates under a written charter that sets forth the purposes and responsibilities of the Committee as well as qualifications for Committee membership. Each standing Committee assesses the adequacy of its charter periodically and recommends changes to the Board Nominating and Governance Committee, as appropriate. All Committees report regularly to the full Board of Directors with respect to their activities. board leadership and lead director The Board Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the Board’s leadership structure annually and in planning for a leadership transition, and recommends changes to the Board of Directors as appropriate. The independent Directors select the Chairman of the Board annually. The independent Directors review the propriety of combining or separating the offices of Chairman and CEO annually in connection with its selection of the Chairman. The independent Directors may select the Corporation’s CEO to serve as Chairman. When the Board selects the CEO to serve as Chairman, the independent Directors will annually select a Lead Director from among the independent Directors serving on the Corporation’s Board. The Lead Director will chair all meetings of the Board in the Chairman’s absence, chair the executive sessions, lead non-management Directors in an annual discussion of the performance evaluation of the CEO as well as communicate that evaluation to the CEO, oversee the process for CEO succession planning, lead the Board’s review of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee’s assessment and recommendations from the Board self-evaluation process, lead the individual Director evaluation process, serve as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent Directors, consult with the Chairman on and approve agendas and schedules for Board meetings and other matters pertinent to the Corporation and the Board, be available to advise the Committee chairs of the Board in fulfilling their designated roles and responsibilities, and participate in the interview process for prospective directors with the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. The Lead Director will have the authority to call meetings of the independent Directors and will be available as appropriate for consultation and direct communication with major stockholders. executive sessions Independent Directors meet in executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. The sessions are chaired by the Lead Director if the CEO serves as Chairman; otherwise, the sessions are chaired by the Chairman. Any independent Director can request that an executive session be scheduled. business conduct and ethics code The Board expects all Directors, as well as officers and employees, to display the highest standard of ethics, consistent with The Chevron Way. The Board also expects Directors, officers and employees to acknowledge their adherence to the Corporation's Business Conduct and Ethics Code. The Corporation has and will continue to maintain the Business Conduct and Ethics Code. The Board's Audit Committee periodically reviews compliance with this Code. confidentiality The proceedings and deliberations of the Board and its Committees are confidential. Each Director will maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary, privileged or otherwise protected information about the Corporation and other entities that the Director obtains in connection with his or her service as a Director, except where the disclosure is authorized or required by law. succession planning Annually, the Lead Director will lead the independent Directors’ review of candidates for all senior management positions to assess the candidates who are available for these positions and understand the development plans being utilized to strengthen the skills and qualifications of the candidates. The succession planning process includes consideration of both ordinary course succession, in the event of planned promotions and retirements, and planning for situations where the CEO or another member of senior management unexpectedly become unable to perform the duties of their positions. board compensation Non-employee Directors receive compensation that is competitive, links rewards to business results and stockholder returns, and facilitates increased ownership of the Corporation's stock. The compensation consists of cash and equity components with a goal of providing greater than 50 percent of compensation in equity. The Corporation does not have a retirement plan for non-employee Directors. Employee Directors are not paid additional compensation for their services as Directors. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews and recommends changes to Board compensation to maintain total compensation that is competitive and appropriate. board access to employees Directors are encouraged and provided opportunities to talk directly to any member of management or any other employee regarding any questions or concerns the Director may have. Directors interact with members of management and other employees in connection with Board meetings, briefings, dinners, receptions, and tours of company operations and facilities or at the request of a Director. director orientation and education The Corporation has and will continue to maintain an orientation program that contains written material, oral presentations and site visits. The Corporation maintains a list of continuing director education opportunities and all directors are encouraged to periodically attend, at Company expense, director continuing education programs offered by various organizations. The Corporation also provides ongoing Director education through presentations at Board and Committee meetings and Board briefings. evaluation of board performance The Board and each Board Committee conduct a self-evaluation annually. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee oversees this self-evaluation process and assesses the full Board's performance. As part of the evaluation, the Committee also invites input on individual director performance. The Committee recommends changes to improve the Board, the Board Committees and individual Director effectiveness. The Committee utilizes the annual Board evaluation to gather input to assist the Committees' evaluation and recommendations. chief executive officer performance review The Board annually reviews the CEO performance. To conduct this review, the Board Nominating and Governance and Management Compensation Committee chairpersons gather and consolidate input from all Directors. The consolidated input is reviewed at a meeting in executive session with all independent Directors after which the chairpersons present the results of the review to the CEO. director and officer stock ownership guidelines The Board expects all Directors and executive officers to display confidence in the Corporation by ownership of a significant amount of stock. The Board has structured its compensation to strive to result in ownership of at least seven times the annual cash retainer amount or 15,000 shares of stock or stock units after five years of service as a Director. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee periodically assesses the guidelines and Directors' ownership relative to these guidelines, and makes recommendations as appropriate. The Board has also established stock ownership guidelines for executive officers of the Corporation. Targets are based on a multiple of base salary: CEO six times; Vice Chairman, Executive Vice Presidents and Chief Financial Officer four times; all other executive officers two times. Executives are expected to achieve targets within five years of assuming their positions. The Management Compensation Committee periodically assesses the guidelines and the executive officers' ownership relative to these guidelines, and makes recommendations as appropriate. access to outside advisors The Board and each Board Committee have the right at any time to retain outside financial, legal or other advisors. board agenda and meetings The Chairman in coordination with the Lead Director sets the schedule for Board meetings and determines the timing and length of the meetings of the Board. In addition to regularly scheduled meetings, unscheduled Board meetings may be called, upon proper notice, at any time to address specific needs of the Corporation. The Annual Meeting of stockholders generally will be scheduled in conjunction with a regularly scheduled Board meeting. The Board expects all Directors to attend regularly scheduled Board meetings and the Annual Meeting of stockholders, unless there are extenuating circumstances. The Chairman in consultation with the Lead Director establishes the agenda for each Board meeting, taking into account input and suggestions from other Directors and management. The Directors also provide input for additional pre-meeting materials. They make suggestions to the appropriate Committee chairperson at any time. The agendas for Board meetings provide opportunities for the operating heads of the major businesses of the Corporation to make presentations to the Board. strategic planning Each year the Board reviews the long-term strategic plan for the Corporation and the principal issues that the Corporation expects to face in the future. The Board dedicates at least one Board meeting each year to focus on strategic planning. In addition, various elements of strategy are discussed at every regular Board meeting, as well as at meetings of the Board’s Committees. In order to assess performance against the strategic plan, the Board receives regular updates on progress and execution and provides guidance and direction throughout the year. policy on stockholder proposals receiving majority approval The Board will reconsider any stockholder proposal not supported by the Board that receives a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting at which a quorum is present. Action taken on the proposal will be reported to stockholders in a timely manner. confidential stockholder voting policy Chevron has a confidential voting policy to protect stockholders' voting privacy. Under this policy, ballots, proxy forms and voting instructions returned to brokerage firms, banks and other holders of record are kept confidential. Only the proxy solicitor, proxy tabulator and the Inspector of Election have access to the ballots, proxy forms and voting instructions. Anyone who processes or inspects ballots, proxy forms or voting instructions signs a pledge to treat them as confidential. None of these persons is a Chevron employee. The proxy solicitor and the proxy tabulator will disclose information taken from the ballots, proxy forms and voting instructions only in the event of a proxy contest or as otherwise required by law. communication with the board of directors Interested parties wishing to communicate their concerns or questions about Chevron to the Lead Director or to independent Directors may do so by U.S. mail to Lead Director or to Independent Directors, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Chevron Corporation, 5001 Executive Parkway, Suite 200, San Ramon, CA 94583. The Corporate Secretary will compile the communications, summarize lengthy or repetitive communications and forward to the Lead Director or the independent Directors. The Corporate Secretary will also coordinate any requests from stockholders for additional communications with the Lead Director. reporting of concerns regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters The Audit Committee has procedures in place to receive, retain and treat complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and to allow for the confidential and anonymous submission by anyone of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. These procedures can be found on the Chevron website at http://www.chevron.com/investors/corporate-governance. policy on stockholder rights plans The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any stockholder rights plan. The Board will obtain such approval prior to the implementation of a stockholder rights plan, except in the following limited circumstance. If a majority of the independent Directors conclude that it would be detrimental to the best interests of the Corporation and the holders of the majority of the shares of its common stock to defer the effectiveness of a stockholder rights plan until stockholder approval of the plan can be obtained, then the Board may implement a rights plan prior to obtaining stockholder approval. In such a case, the Board will submit the stockholder rights plan to stockholders for approval at the first meeting of stockholders for which a record date passes after the adoption of the stockholder rights plan. If stockholder approval is not obtained, the rights plan would terminate not later than 30 days after the vote has been certified by the inspector of elections. periodic review of corporate governance guidelines The Board Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board review these Corporate Governance Guidelines and related corporate governance documents at least annually and revise as appropriate. committeemembership committee membership Chevron's Board committee membership is shown below. All four standing Board committees are composed entirely of independent directors. audit committee Debra Reed-Klages (Chairperson) John B. Frank Marillyn A. Hewson Dambisa F. Moyo board nominating and governance committee Wanda M. Austin (Chairperson) Alice P. Gast Charles W. Moorman D. James Umpleby III management compensation committee Charles W. Moorman (Chairperson) Wanda M. Austin Enrique Hernandez, Jr. Jon M. Huntsman Jr. public policy and sustainability committee Enrique Hernandez, Jr. (Chairperson) Alice P. Gast Jon M. Huntsman Jr. D. James Umpleby III Cynthia J. Warner charters Committee Charters outline the terms and responsibilities of each committee of the Chevron Board of Directors. audit committee The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in ensuring that the corporation’s financial statements are properly audited, that the corporation maintains an effective internal audit function and that the corporation complies with legal and regulatory requirements, among other duties. read audit committee charter board nominating and governance committee The Board Nominating and Governance Committee assists the Board of Directors in defining and assessing qualifications for membership on the Board, identifying qualified candidates, and in devoting appropriate attention and effective response to stockholder concerns regarding corporate governance, among other duties. read board nominating and governance committee charter management compensation committee The Management Compensation Committee assists the Board of Directors in determining salary and other compensation matters for executive officers and in establishing and administering incentive compensation and equity-based compensation plans for company management, among other duties. read management compensation committee charter public policy and sustainability committee The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee assists the Board of Directors in overseeing environmental, social, human rights, political, and public policy matters that are relevant to the Corporation’s activities and performance. It also assists the Board of Directors in response to stockholder concerns regarding environmental, social, human rights, political, and public policy matters. read public policy and sustainability committee charter business conduct and ethics Chevron and its employees have a worldwide reputation for conducting business with honesty and integrity. Our Business Conduct and Ethics Code provides information about how we conduct our day-to-day business activities according to the principles of The Chevron Way. The Business Conduct and Ethics Code is required reading for all directors and employees. read business conduct and ethics code notice re: updated business conduct and ethics code contact the board board of directors Interested parties wishing to communicate their concerns or questions about Chevron to the Lead Director or to any other Independent Director may do so by mail to: Lead Director or Independent Directors c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary Chevron Corporation 5001 Executive Parkway, Suite 200 San Ramon, CA 94583, USA Email Chevron's Board at corpgov@chevron.com The Board Nominating and Governance Committee reviews interested-party communications, including stockholder inquiries, directed to Independent Directors. The Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer will compile the communications, summarize lengthy or repetitive communications received and report on responses sent. accounting or auditing complaints Anyone with a concern or complaint about Chevron’s accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters may communicate it to the Audit Committee by sending the Committee a letter in care of the Secretary of the Audit Committee: Chevron Corporation Attn: Secretary, Board Audit Committee P.O. Box 6006 San Ramon, California 94583-0806 Any such communication may be made on a confidential or anonymous basis, but all communications should contain sufficiently specific information to permit the Audit Committee to pursue the matter. resources pdf 2023 Annual Report pdf opens in new window pdf 2024 Supplement to the Annual Report pdf opens in new window 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report pdf 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report pdf opens in new window View archive of previous years’ reports pdf Chevron By-Laws pdf opens in new window Political contributions and lobbying pdf Governance guidelines pdf opens in new window Chevron Board of Directors
Our Brands — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now our brands Whether we’re fueling cars or advancing the energy system of tomorrow, Chevron’s brands set the standard for excellence. With a rich history dating back over a century, Chevron’s family of brands has built trust and recognition worldwide. chevron Quality and reliability drive customers to Chevron. Innovative and forward looking, our high quality fuel and customer experience mean Chevron is trusted by our customers. learn more about chevron with techron find a chevron service station texaco The Texaco star stands for more than a century of quality fuels and lubricants. A global icon with a powerful presence in the United States and Europe, Texaco delivers the high performance and customer satisfaction drivers trust. learn more about texaco find a texaco service station caltex For more than 70 years, Caltex has symbolized uncompromising products and services. Quality fuels and lubricants and a pedigree in technology set Caltex apart. learn more about caltex find a caltex service station gift and credit cards Wherever you’re headed, it pays to have a Chevron card. Feel confident on your travels when you keep our gift cards and personal and business credit cards by your side. explore our gift and credit cards brand licensing opportunities Take your business to the next level by partnering with one of our iconic global brands. In addition to Chevron station franchising, we are looking for visionary partners to license the Texaco® or Caltex® brands in fuels retailing or lubricants in manufacturing, sales, and marketing. explore texaco fuels and lubricants learn more about chevron fuels discover caltex fuels and lubricants alternative fuel for fleets let's fuel your fleets with an alternative energy solution affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy We work every day to provide energy that helps billions of people achieve the benefits of modern life. And to create solutions that will help advance a lower carbon future. explore energy solutions
Sustainability — Chevron.com — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now pause play video sustainability We strive to protect the environment, empower people and get results the right way. This approach is integrated throughout our business. around the world Learn about our sustainability efforts in the regions where we operate. Argentina el trapial plant guide In 2022, Chevron Argentina scientists created a site plant guide. Guides like this one can be used to set environmental baselines. They give valuable information to researchers, planners and others working with natural resources. By the end of 2023, the team had identified about 230 species. These included over 60 plants and over 160 types of animals. learn more Australia sustainability at HQ Chevron Australia’s new headquarters is designed with health and well-being in mind. Nature takes focus in the 29-story tower. Its design cues are inspired by the local environment. Thousands of plants inhabit the workspace. Floor-to-ceiling windows on all sides provide natural light and views of the nearby river and parklands. Artwork publicly displayed celebrates the Whadjuk people’s culture, traditions and connection to the waterfront. learn more Belgium reducing plastic waste In 2023, the Chevron Belgium BV lubricants facility in Ghent began using a different type of “stretch foil,” a plastic film that stretches tight to wrap packaging. This resulted in an estimated 7% reduction over the year as compared with the previous plastic film usage. learn more Colombia the energy reefs project In 2023, Chevron Petroleum Company provided funding to help Corales de Paz create the Energy Reefs project. It’s a project that supports the nonprofit Reef Check citizen science program. The team in Colombia joins local experts and community members on expeditions to study and help conserve the local coral and reefs. learn more Cyprus the tiganokinisi caravan In 2023, Chevron sponsored a mobile information and science education caravan. Scientists visit schools and events in rural communities. They show how used cooking oil can be turned into usable biodiesel. Our contributions helped cover supplies and operating expenses, including purchasing a vehicle to pull the caravan from event to event. We were proud to have received a volunteerism award for our sponsorship. learn more India miller center for social entrepreneurship Chevron contributed to Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship. This supports Asia-Pacific enterprises that have the potential to grow and scale their social and economic impact. With our three-year gift of $1 million, Miller Center aims to provide focused support for entrepreneurs. They will also share insights with other accelerator programs and the larger social entrepreneurship ecosystem. learn more South Africa chevron engineering leadership program Students took part in the Chevron Engineering Leadership Program in 2023. Their focus: to create a "Waste to Wealth" design that turns waste into a useful product. Chevron experts shared experiences and design expertise with students. Then, students spent two weeks answering critical questions, solving problems and refining creative ideas. They brought prototypes to life through 3D-printing and laser-cutting technology. learn more california guadalupe restoration project Only eight places remain where the La Graciosa thistle still grows. Four of them are within what was once our Guadalupe oil field. As part of the project, we’ve grown over 2,800 thistles at an onsite nursery. We've also transplanted about 1,135 thistles onsite. Almost 24 acres of this endangered plant’s natural home has been reestablished. In recognition, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service awarded us for outstanding stewardship and long-term dedication to thistle recovery efforts. learn more el segundo, ca air monitoring technology Consistent with local regulatory requirements, our El Segundo Refinery has had a fenceline monitoring system since 2020. It’s a technology to collect and record real-time air quality data. The data is available to all on a public website. Visit elsegundo1180.com learn more richmond, ca using more recycled water than ever Our Richmond Refinery is the largest industrial user of recycled water in the San Francisco Bay area. The refinery explores a range of options to reduce water use. In a joint effort with the utility district, they have made it possible to use more than 7 million gallons of recycled water per day. learn more new mexico pecos watershed conservation initiative Chevron helps fund and support this public-private partnership. The Pecos River extends from eastern New Mexico into West Texas and is a large part of the Permian Basin. The initiative focuses on habitat restoration and improving the management of grasslands, agricultural lands and riparian areas in the region. learn more select a location to learn more find our environment, social and governance topics in one place explore ESG topics from a–z energy is essential to modern life As we've done for more than 140 years, we will continue to evolve and help meet the energy demand of a growing world. climate We’re working to lower the carbon intensity of our operations. At the same time, we’re investing to grow our capabilities in various ways, including renewable fuels and emerging technologies. learn more environment One of our priorities is to help protect the environment. We do this through responsible design, development, operations and retirement of assets. learn more social investment We believe our business succeeds when our people and communities do. We’re striving to empower people worldwide to help improve their lives and achieve their ambitions. learn more diversity and inclusion Our success is driven by a dedicated, diverse and highly skilled global workforce united by The Chevron Way. We treat our employees and our partners with respect and dignity. learn more additional resources 2023 corporate sustainability report 2023 climate change resilience report 2022 methane report performance data newsroom latest at chevron February 16, 2024 sustainable aquaculture in Indonesia protects mangroves, way of life read article March 28, 2024 1st hybrid fueling barge chartered in Singapore read article March 06, 2024 forewoman makes waves offshore Angola read article February 29, 2024 hydrogen facility to be a chevron first read article
2023 Corporate Sustainability Report — Chevron
Technology and Innovation — Chevron skip to main content close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now what we do technology and innovation Accelerating progress to power our world today and build the lower carbon energy system of the future. energy for our growing world relies on technology We aim to scale affordable, innovative technology solutions to help support a resilient energy system. We believe multiple solutions are needed to meet growing energy demands in lower carbon ways. And that innovation, sparked by collaboration, can accelerate progress. designing the facilities and operations of tomorrow working smarter and safer with robotics Robots, drones, machine learning, artificial intelligence and beyond. Digital technologies are helping us integrate data, reduce costs and enhance safety. discover spot the dog play pause video pioneering breakthrough technologies for a lower carbon future Every day, Chevron's leading experts, solution developers, energy innovators and problem solvers are searching for the next breakthrough. renewable fuels renewable fuelsrenewable fuels We're growing our feedstock business to produce renewable fuels and help our customers achieve their lower carbon ambitions. learn about renewable fuels carbon capture carbon capturecarbon capture We're developing and deploying carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) technologies, which experts agree are essential tools to making a lower carbon future possible. learn about carbon capture hydrogen hydrogenhydrogen We're working to solve the technical challenges of transporting hydrogen over long-distances at a lower carbon intensity. learn about hydrogen geothermal geothermalgeothermal Using our decades of experience and innovative partnerships, we're working to unlock the next generation of geothermal energy. learn about geothermal scouting at the edge of innovation scaling next-generation carbon capture technology We seek out emerging technologies at the cutting edge of innovation. From ideas to pilot projects, we use our expertise, experience and partnerships to evaluate and scale new solutions. discover our journey with svante building a resilient energy system delivering more affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy The energy transition is happening at different speeds across the world. As we innovate toward tomorrow, technology helps us deliver the energy the world needs today. Safely, reliably and in lower carbon ways. lowering our methane intensity New technologies and facility design improvements are helping us to prevent, detect, and reduce methane emissions. explore our methane management powering up renewables We're sourcing more electricity from renewables like wind and solar to power some of our Chevron operations. see how we use renewable energy measuring our carbon footprint Together with our partners, we've developed a standardized, data driven carbon footprinting methodology for delivered liquefied natural gas cargoes. learn about the methodology unlocking potential to meet demand We're harnessing technology to safety drill at greater depths and pressures at a lower carbon intensity in the deepwater. Onshore, advanced technologies are improving recovery rates from our shale and tight and heavy oil assets. our operations new technologies speed offshore development read more our operations ‘tomorrow’s world today’ features chevron’s technology and innovation read more our operations hologram technology offers new perspectives read more improved recovery polymers could have big potential in Kuwait read more improved recovery How technology unlocked the permian basin’s potential read more improved recovery Offshore project to help meet energy demand read more improved recovery Artificial intelligence: the right tool at the right time read more improved recovery Exploration explainer: how do you find onshore oil and gas read more improved recovery Explainer: what is the DJ basin read more improved recovery Explainer: what is the permian basin read more powered byhuman ingenuity Chevron has been innovating to help solve energy challenges for decades. And we believe in the power of human ingenuity to accelerate progress. people and community meet our innovators October 03, 2024 wearable tech helps remind workers to stay hydrated read article June 27, 2024 new technologies speed offshore development read article May 23, 2024 spotlighting 25 years of innovation read article March 11, 2024 tech patents illustrate dedication to innovation read article August 21, 2023 now trending with gen z: #datascience read article January 23, 2023 chevron scientist wins award for chemistry in service to society read article September 28, 2023 making lower carbon energy progress requires technology, teamwork read article June 20, 2023 energy everywhere: renewable diesel read article August 17, 2023 low-code drives high output for chevron’s citizen developers read article